welcome to the W show we've got a great
show lined up for you guys today Nvidia
hit a valuation of $2
trillion yes yes with a pinky trillion
also reddit's licensing deal with Google
has been this was this was leaked right
no they confirmed the leak uh also
Reddit is going public what else we got
today PlayStation 2 VR is coming to
PC
five well okay uh Playstation VR2 he's
not feeling well today this going to be
a rough show and I have no excuse what
else we
got oh boy um and the CEO says don't buy
hell divers
too really yeah you picked that I don't
know the CEO of what uh it's not it
doesn't say I'm pretty sure the CEO of
uh the arrowhead which is the company
that made cool that's the context they
needed let's roll that intro
[Music]
oh
boy Whoa get out of
[Music]
here this disaster is brought to you by
ag1 vessie and the ridge why don't we
jump right into our headline topic and
that is nvidia's market cap go
stons what the actual am I looking
at here this is
parabolic surely there must be a limit
to this somewhere but we've yet to see
it absolutely incredible so what we're
looking at here is Crypt Boom the first
Crypt boom thei and
AI okay what's a word that's bigger than
boom hyper boom I like hyper boom yeah I
I don't know turbo boom turbo boom Mondo
boom Omega boom it's yeah you I don't
mind Omega boom but that it would have
to be the last one and I really don't
think this is the last we're seeing of
interesting uses for nvidia's gpus that
are spoiler not gaming Nvidia briefly
hit A2 trillion market cap this morning
becoming the third company to do so
after apple and Microsoft however axios
has argued that nvidia's current Arc is
likely to plateau given that most of its
biggest customers like Microsoft and
Google have reported weak earnings
numbers recently in part because their
expensive AI features largely aren't
making money yet Nvidia might also face
increased competition within the AI chip
Market as companies like Microsoft
continue developing their own chips in
an effort to move away from their
dependence on Nvidia who charges as we
Gamers already knew and could have
warned them about a lot for their
technology oh yeah in its most recent
annual report Nvidia listed its top
competitors as Huawei AMD Amazon
Microsoft and broadcom Nvidia has also
launched a beta for the Nvidia app okay
well this is a completely separate topic
we very very different anyway the point
is
um we're being asked in our discussion
question how overhyped is it really and
I would like to preface our response
with we are not analysts no Yep this is
not Financial we're not we there's no
there's no anal in either of us nope not
right now oh anyway the point is that
we're not analysts and
we and this is not Financial advice that
should set the tone for how seriously
you should be taking any of what I'm
about to say um but to be to be truthful
with
you I think think that Nvidia does have
competition coming uh Jim Keller
actually just weighed in on Sam alman's
whole thing where he needs like7
trillion dollar to build AI chips or
something like that and he's basically
like I'll do it in less oh yeah like
that Jim Keller like like like K8 AMD
Jim Keller and um shoot what was the uh
uh what man trying to think oh yeah also
Zen Jim Keller like like that Jim Keller
like chip architect Jim Keller
um so with that said I mean it's clear
that competition is coming for them it's
clear that
additional Fab capacity is coming in the
future uh Intel has been talking a lot
about their intention to I mean this is
this is great this actually isn't in the
dock this week but Pat Ginger said we'd
love to build chips for AMD he actually
like finally said the thing that I was
talking about over the last little bit
where I've been like hey this Intel
we're going to be a Fab thing is
something that I think has been
overlooked not Financial advice um also
Intel insiders are apparently buying up
a bunch of stock right now not Financial
advice neither of us are analysts but
what appears is going to be happening
tsmc is adding fabrication capacity in
Japan in anticipation of China's
eventual encroachment on Taiwan um Intel
is building up Fab capacity at a pace
that to my knowledge is has not been
seen before from themed um including in
the continental US um we've got intense
competition for this enormous Market
that is the AI chip Market both from a
dedicated chip designers and from the
companies that are the ones who are
procuring these chips like the Microsoft
of the world um so I do I do think that
competition is
coming however and this is from someone
who would not describe themselves as a
fan of nvidia's way of doing
business it's funny because Jensen has
actually said very similar things about
Intel but I will say this about Nvidia
and that is if Nvidia were to for some
reason enter Myspace
I would immediately be heading for the
Facebook that's pretty good you're
applauding that that's pretty good I
assumed you were going for the Bell
anyway uh the point is they are not
accompanying was it worthy of the Bell
that I would bet against MH um and so
you know if there's a big paradigm shift
and traditional gpus you don't make as
much sense as some kind of new AI chip
architecture um I wouldn't imagine
myself um you know savier and cleverer
than Nvidia in terms of figuring that
out and being somewhat on top of it with
that said it's not like there aren't
other smart people out there um and what
I'm trying to say is the future is
extremely murky I do see how there could
be some hesitation around uh just
projecting you know infinite growth
because
that's not how that works and that is a
good point that these AI features aren't
making
money but just because a space isn't
making money doesn't mean that there
isn't going to be a ton of capital
rushing into it and as long as these
companies keep buying it doesn't matter
now now if they're not making money that
could be a sign that they're not going
to keep buying but Silicon Valley has
often not really cared that much and the
intense competition that you guys are
noting for the on the chip side side
also exists on the software side yeah
and that competition as far as I can
tell has not slowed down at all I mean
at Google people are sharing internal
memes kind of poking fun at how many AI
products and how many AI code names
Google has for all of the various
initiatives that they're running right
now something has to power that and that
something
is NVIDIA for the time being I would
love to see man can I just dream for a
second here okay we had that whole thing
we talked about this a few weeks ago
where uh AMD was like clo and Dagger
like like funding um uh like a Cuda
translator that could run on AMD
gpus and and so you know if I could
imagine like an amazing world it would
be one where AMD you know instead of
Nvidia using gaming to get profitable
and build AI stuff you know AMD sells
some Ai gpus and then uses that sick AI
money to build better gpus that they
also sell to Gamers like like they flip
the whole they flip the whole thing
upside down and then we get like real
competition in the gaming space but I
don't think that's going to happen I
mean AMD has shown time and time again
that they're every bit as much a company
as Nvidia is yeah uh well I shouldn't
say every bit as much a company as
Nvidia is they are a similar similar
level of just company to Nvidia um and
so they're going to operate in their
best corporate interest but hopefully
that remains um you know building gpus
for gamers please but realistically I
think we could end up waiting for battl
mage um to to be a a real threat that's
I've been leaning for a while now I I
feel like it's going to be Intel
eventually I don't necessarily know that
it'll be battle mage maybe it'll be I
don't think it's going to be battle mage
I was dreaming whatever the c one I was
dreaming Celestial yeah I I was dreaming
I think after that is I want to say
Druid Arc Druid is that a thing have
they have they announced them that far
ahead uh yeah yeah Druid is still just a
rumor but that is uh that is that is
understood to be the code name so
Alchemist battle mage Celestial Druid
and then I don't think we have anything
for E evoker yet bet you it'll be evoker
evoker really yeah not elf no not battle
mage and Drew at are classes Al is sure
but is Celestial I guess kind of I mean
you could say you could say you could
say oh oh enchanter oh that's pretty
good or or they could mix it up
enchantress yeah is that PC anymore
literally no idea yeah I have no idea
you know what let's play this
game I know I promised it would be a
short show today cuz Luke's not feeling
well but let's let's play this game with
the uh okay they could cheat for
something like f they could go fire Mage
or something like that you kind of you
could kind of cheat it yeah yeah yeah uh
you could go flare um you could go
with fighter let's see oh fighter oh man
Fighters actually I kind of like fighter
700 would be like a sick name for card
the mo it's the most basic but it's
almost just it's almost the strongest
sounding okay I'm going with I'm going
with we're going to map it out for Intel
and if anyone from Intel is watching
we and and the community are going to do
the rest of the work for you guys and
then you just have to stick with our
road map Grenadier yeah think like
Gunner or Grenadier or something oh
gunar why do you keep immediately having
something that's way more obvious and
way better than mine I don't know if
they would go with Gunner though okay
Hellcat o give me something here um
Howitzer no that's not really yeah I
think sticking away from the guns is
likely for Intel yeah that Mak there's a
lot of weight on that y and like you
know Mage and Celestial hunter
hunter that wasn't me that that was that
was Philip chat I took that from pH dang
it okay okay hold on hold on okay eyes
got to be ice
something um uh no no it could
be I'm see I'm trying to do this on my
own you're just reading float plane Chad
that is such a hack all I didn't get the
only one I got from there I I said what
it was um
I I want to kind of cheat and just go
with inv ER instead of evoker oh come
on uh Illusionist illusion ooh
Illusionist is good I'm picturing uh man
what what's I'm picturing job from
Arrested Development
though uh it makes me think of like very
old school RPG
Joker jester Joker Javelin like jouster
Jou dang it stop
it you're actually upsetting me
now how about
jackass jerk
face jack off no almost got
him oh my goodness okay
um that was close Okay K oh K is a tough
one
you know they even used it as a code
name before night's Corner night's
Landing that was even freaking a GPU how
did I not think of it sort of this one's
going to be really
hard okay L
Lancer oh oh oh oh oh lightbringer no
okay uh light why not lightbringer well
no it's more of a name it's it's less of
a lancer's a class if we're sticking
with classes I feel like lightbringer
could be like a paladin specialization I
think lightbringer is fine well yeah it
could be but it isn't it could be okay
so but there's got to be there's got to
be light something there's got to be
like uh um I mean yeah I guess we missed
kind of some obvious ones like H could
be like holy night or something like
that but then we're going to end up with
two knights probably okay L uh
L uh
you could have like lunar something you
know lunar Elf or something like that um
again that's that's again that's a race
not a class um all right I'm I'm just
looking I'm just looking at the Luke no
they're not it's not going to be luke
that'd be so sick light llama why am I
even looking at this you guys aren't
even helpful okay I would ask for no
royalties at all just name it name it
Luke they've already done battle mage so
we can't just go straight for mage yeah
um murderer no probably not Intel Arc
seems extremely un Intel Arc murderer
that's more like what would be nvidia's
code name for whatever they're going to
put up against
it mercenary um it might be too like
madman something like that oh mercenary
it's got to be dang
it
um oh Marauder Marauder is gooder marer
it's going to be Marauder yeah and uh oh
night elf night blade night BL crap
picked a race again yeah you sure
did okay
oh um
oppressor I don't know that sounds like
it it's kind of sick I just don't think
Intel would do it pressor Onslaught uh
like over overpower like
o man oh man he could have been like
Devourer that would have been kind of
cool it's a little graphic though it's a
little graphic I feel like Intel is
going to want to be a little bit more
and looking at the artwork that they've
had so far it's more like like like
Arcane and like uh like high fantasy
it's not like like horror so I think
like like
devour it's more dumat it's like demonic
you know um yeah something like a cult
not only is that not a class but yeah I
think they wouldn't go that direction
any the occultist occultist that's
actually not terrible we don't have a
ton of option what oh like Omen
something Omen Omen Brer like I don't
okay I don't know what is what ises chat
saying Oracle obiously yeah it's has to
be Oracle you guys you guys clear W on
that one yeah Paladin okay yes what for
me there you go uh Q it's like queen or
like uh uh uh
H is this even fun for people I have no
idea not a clue uh yeah people seem
engaged Quarter Master that's not bad
Quarter Master is pretty good that's
actually that's solid I kind of like
Quarter Master I actually like that a
lot there's a lot of like Queen and
quilt and you just kind of quiz quilt
yeah I think Quarter Master is really
solid I would laugh so hard if they made
it
quilt no
like the quilt fighter just what he's
like just puts a blanket over his head
he lays down in the corner and just
hopes no one notices yeah um security
blanket uh q r r uh ra ravage
no that it's pretty swordsman probably
not no it's too it's too simple Spell
blade Oh okay that's cool uh sorcer you
could yeah there's actually so many
they're like spell bind
come up with almost anything for that
there's tons of s um Samurai yes nice
that would be pretty sick actually I I
think it's got to have to be samurai
samurai pretty just with how much kind
of you know magy stuff we've already got
I don't want to see like spell spell
smoth yeah I like Samurai too t good
Taylor it's a popular
name really
fast oh AR The Arc Taylor it's it's it's
your Bard it's just like a it's
an get it as fast yeah yeah yeah he he
got there it's a little slow today
there's like Thief um okay yeah I don't
think they'd want that though I don't
think they would want Thief no no Thief
arc Arc
uh so they wait yeah Ark was the first
one so it could be ar Alchemist Ark
battle mage Arc Celestial oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah no no Arc is always part of it
okay okay um ooh Tempest I like that I
like that Tempest Tempest is pretty good
I think that's got to be the one
tinkerer is not bad though tinkerer is
very good and very different from
everything so far y I mean at this point
we're talking like the road map is out
into about 2040 or so 2045 so we might
not even live long enough to see these
code names and they've probably like
picked a new naming scheme at this point
anyways but who knows maybe this will be
the one time that a company actually
sees it through Google bailed why did
they bail on Android names yeah I liked
them it was it was so much more
memorable I can't even keep track of the
numbers anymore yeah whereas like if you
ask me okay what did KitKat look like
I'd be like oh yeah like kind of like
that yeah yeah honeycomb like oh yeah
yeah honeycomb was when we like you know
got landscape on tablets and stuff right
like it just and it worked better and
stuff like it was more optimized like I
remember those things um okay okay what
did we leave off what did we leave off
I'm not with it enough to even know but
okay we're under we're on youu you yeah
Ultra something probably like
Ultra
altruist that's not how that spells
that's an
a thanks I mean I thought it was more B
tier but appreciate you wow hey there we
go uh my brain went to Undertaker but
they would never do that no no no no no
Umbra is that like Umbra what is um
isn't that just like a soccer brand oh
no that's Umbro trust
them
unicorn uh yeah I don't think so I mean
that'd be cool branding like unicorn
Rider or something like that but I just
I don't see it it's not really aligned
with what we have so far which is your
Alchemist battle mage Celestial Druid I
just don't I don't see like a prancing
unicorn Ser I like that one oh that's
not bad it might feel a little late like
I I would assume that we're not going to
get to usurper if they haven't usurped
anything by yeah that's pretty fair I do
like it though Ultima that's pretty sick
yeah it's that's a spell though right
like that's not it's going to be ultra
something Ultra blade or
Ultra Ultra something but I don't know
exactly what Conrad says Gemini says
umist UNT Tamer and urchin yeah it's
definitely Umbra is the fully shaded
inner region of a shadow cast by an
opaque object especially the area on the
Earth or Moon experiencing a total phase
of an eclipse it is often used in video
games
to describe like something shadowy
something you should be concerned about
there's a sword in morwin called Umbra
the umbr list that like uh yeah I don't
think that's compels the the wheel there
to okay pone Ultra something yeah V that
one's kind of unfortunate VI the
violence Giver
the the the V venge venge something I
need to close this the venger
uh I first went to vist which is not
good
ventriloquist the violinist everyone's
fighting you're just like I mean they
don't have a Bard yet so yeah yeah yeah
unless they go with my pitch for T the
tayor V for the violence rer I am I am
stealing this from chat I saw this
before I closed the screen but
Viper um it's okay it could be like a
Rog specialization maybe but it's a
little like poison based Rogue or
something yeah the the vasectomy
Giver just I could see a d andd campaign
based around that I will I will
eliminate your
Offspring we we won't win this war this
year or next year but give us a
generation in Generations from now if
only it wasn't a real
thing yeah yeah uh okay so V then
um I mean it's for Vendetta obviously
right but the the
Vendetta okay do you guys have anything
Vanguard dang it how did we not think of
that y y all right vulture that's not
bad either Vanguard I think is it though
no it's got to be vulture really yeah
it's Vanguard what it's Vanguard for
sure Dan settle
this uh Vanguard yeah
yeah all right TV W okay W uh War
warhorse
warlord warlord's pretty good I think
warlord's cooler than wizard Dan warlock
warlock warlock all right we'll just go
with that I think warlock might win yay
we got one all right X
X-Man just collab with them like
whatever we couldn't think of a name
yeah well that was like uh Google did
with um nestl or whatever for Kit Kat oh
yeah they're like okay we have nothing
for K so we're going to we're going to
like license the thing we could call it
like we'll work with them on it um so
it's actually just X-Men I feel like
there's got to xenomorph that's
something that's that's chat chat gets
credit for that one is that a class they
could just call it they could just call
it the Warrior
Princess Zena um Zena actually sounds
pretty cool yeah but I'm pretty sure it
would have a similar issue to X-Men yeah
yeah you know what let's just go with um
yeah xenomorph would have the same
problem too that's that's certainly
copyrighted or whatever the yeah
copyrighted or protected in some way um
Zeno Xeno Blade oh no that's a thing
crap uh Z Zeno something probably yeah
um okay
why Yak
Rider I kind of like that I can't think
of much um um the yaker right right
because we don't have a we don't have
like a like a
charismatic the yaker the yaker
yeah that's a horrible name oh my god um
did you just did you just do a takedown
of my entire
class literally my job it's funny
because what I first jumped to was
[Laughter]
yappy um all right I'm going to chat
yeah what do they got YOLO YF dog what
wow you guys aren't even trying anymore
igdrasil is not like a the Yankee yeah
what is a cool word it is a cool word
what what's it what's a Yankee you it
like rides into battle there you go the
Yoder I mean sure
um
yman that's something which is more than
what we
had you missed Ark what no what uh yeah
Yaman is Yaman is decent I say we go
with that Yaman it's like a shaman but
cooler I guess so I don't think so I
forget what they do
Yan uh a man holding and cultivating a
small landed estate a Freeholder oh yeah
I know I I thought you were seeing like
y mm no yeah it's not it's not my yell
mancer I mean
fun attack yeah
um okay sure we can't do Yak they can't
do Yakuza that's not yeah that's
definitely not going to be a thing no
Yeezy collab
no no all right
Z
zapper oh Conrad's got it he might have
got it from Gemini I'm not sure but
Zealot oh Zealot okay yeah that's going
to have to be it okay man what did we do
for S sapper wouldn't have been bad
there was there was like too many for S
oh there was too many for S yeah that's
right oh there's so many good ones a
million can I can I have
sapper sapper is pretty good is Intel
going to want to call their thing sapper
I think you I think you could I think
you could I think with cool enough
branding sapper fits into what we have
established so far swash buckler dang
there's so many
s's fine zookeeper all right let's go
into topic number two I don't even
remember what topic number one was
anymore uh there was a bit of an ending
on topic number one which is NVIDIA has
also launched a beta for the Nvidia app
which finally merges features of GeForce
experience and the Nvidia control panel
on Windows it offers account-based
Awards
but thank goodness finally doesn't
require login to
use it actually looks super cool they
also launched I believe it's in beta
right now but they also launched a new
feature so the the AI powered SDR to HDR
video conversion that they've had
available for some time now is now
available as a toggle in the new driver
um and this is a really well-timed
launch from them going hey try our new
driver not only is it a new driver and
like you know the first time we've
updated our look in you know 20 years or
however long it's been since they first
launched the Nvidia control panel uh but
we've got this very compelling new
feature that people might want to try so
it's an automatic SDR to HDR converter
for games which already exists at least
in Windows but is now powered by AI or
something I haven't tried it yet uh we
are we were working on a video on the
video version and then we were going to
kind of touch on the hacky way that um
some folks found to enable it in games
uh but now we're just going to bundle
those two together and we're going to do
a video on HDR or SDR to HDR conversion
because there's a lot of HDR monitors
out there now at this point as if you
consider TVs monitors there's a ton of
them basically every TV in the last few
years over the very very entry level has
been HDR capable and in many cases more
capable than the entry level HDR
monitors so anyone who's gaming on a
TV a relatively recent TV is going to be
able to take advantage of this in a big
way because there's still a significant
shortage of HDR content particularly on
the video side like if you go like if
you just you know look at look for any
movie you enjoy here uh pick a movie you
enjoyed as a kid that you think is you
know probably not a huge deal you know
it's not Lord of the Rings but just some
movie you liked he's going to out
himself here I just I just it's it's
it's white chicks isn't it all right
I'll look it up White Chicks you just
you cut me off at the pass I was going
to say Lord of the Rings Fellowship of
the Ring and then you were like can't be
that I was like all right fair enough
I've never watched like a ton of movies
um original Top
Gun okay yeah Top Gun man okay Top Gun
probably does have an HDR release uh
what was it
1988 uh shut up it's not from 1980 is it
1986 all
right uh man I can't believe Tom Cruz
has been cool as long as I've been
alive mind-blowing yeah uh no top gun
did get a 4K Ultra HD Blu-Ray so it it
is available uh with in Dolby Vision but
my point is that there are a lot of
older movies that are not available in
HDR in any release format that's at
decent quality there's a lot that do
have HDR releases through streaming
platforms but if I could watch the
Blu-ray with a light Ai
upscaling and with a good SDR to HDR
conversion I think I'm at the point now
where I understand and I accept that
that's the best I'm ever going to get
and I think I could settle for that cuz
HDR 4K Blu-ray is dying o original Tron
yeah that probably got the HDR you've
seen that right um oh I haven't wow hey
speaking of which have you played any
Final Fantasy 6 no oh I wanted to this
week but if I wasn't working I was
generally sleeping whole week so who
would like to see a 4K remaster of
original Tron no it appears it has not
gotten the treatment apparently neither
has RoboCop uh Shawn of the Dead I I
doubt Sha of the Dead is getting
a whatever I like that movie um what was
Sha of the dead shot on would it even
shut up it was shot on film with ar
cameras there would be enough dynamic
range there and enough resolution for
them to do it if anyone was motivated
enough to do it and it really is it's a
great movie it's so good I I'm not even
a huge fan of the zombie movie genre so
I'm sure there were references that I
didn't get and stuff like that but it
was it was absolutely a a blast and I
love Simon Peg uh I just think he is one
of those people who's naturally
hilarious no matter what he's doing it's
incredible a Galaxy Quest oh oh so good
speaking actors that I love no matter
what they're doing um oh my God why
can't I remember his name right now this
is so embarrassing uh Alan Rickman jeez
oh wow yeah alen Rickman man he's
awesome he's fantastic in everything
he's awesome have you seen Galaxy Quest
yeah oh okay parts of it by grap th oh
man he's so good I haven't seen the
whole thing but I've seen parts of it
you what yeah how can you watch part of
a movie like that and not watch the
whole thing I just don't really watch
stuff that often
I guarantee you've seen parts of
original Tron you ever watched the whole
thing no I've never seen any of it wow
really yeah I mean I when would okay we
either had it on VHS when I was a kid or
I seen we never owned it where would I
seen it like Galaxy Quest I never had
like access to it then where did you see
it how do you see parts of movies SE uh
people reference it all the time there's
like YouTube things on it stuff like
that oh okay yeah all right fair enough
look might be a psycho maybe I don't
know I get I like I get too distracted
um watching like TVs and shows like if
if I TVs and shows oh man um if I'm
watching something with that's why
you're distracted you got all these TVs
how you supposed to pay attention to any
of the movies you're watching my my
living room just types of loose movie
reviews really disjointed story it felt
like if they'd had five six more of a
movie there there really would have been
something maybe it had something to do
with the fact that I had half a dozen
movies going at the same time maybe not
sure that seems like a movie problem not
a me
problem uh
yeah uh yeah I was I was saying like my
my living room is like those old like
90s sets with like just the Tower of
CRTs it's like yeah that's how I watch
TV uh that's how I watch TVs I guess
it's time for us to talk about the big
Reddit licensing deal with Google slash
Reddit goes public Reddit filed its
initial public offering yesterday to be
listed on the New York Stock Exchange as
rddt according to the company in
addition to offering stock to
institutional investors they will also
be offering it to its top users
including moderators based on Reddit
Karma I knew that Karma was going to be
worth something
someday too bad it's Reddit stock
yeah with that said Reddit has some
news obviously timed to help boost it
during the IPO to share that makes it
seem like maybe not just an endless
Money Pit forever Reddit confirmed a
leak claiming it had struck a Content
licensing deal with a major AI company
Google will apparently have direct
access to reddit's API for the purpose
of training data the deal is rumored to
be worth 60 million us annually to
Reddit the filing likewise revealed that
open aai CEO Sam ultman is the third
largest shareholder in Reddit with 8.7%
of the shares compared to Reddit CEO
Steve Huffman's
3.3% of course he's in there somewhere
so
um the whole thing where you know you
create the value for the site where
where the site is free to use because
you're the product
yeah there there's your there's your
evidence there it is there it is right
there everybody knows I don't know do
they though I I actually am not no I not
convinced of that I I had a family
dinner not that long ago and I had a Rel
relative ask me well how do you make
money on
YouTube I was like how do they make
money with TV like ads and and and like
product placements like what what what
are you asking how does anybody make
money on anything like I think I think
people just especially older gener
people no no fundamentally do
not understand that the internet costs
money even necessarily yeah like like
the the idea that Reddit might need tens
of millions of dollars in order to
operate is just why it's just page of
text right like that can't be that hard
right like it might be a lot cheaper if
it was just a page of text I suspect it
has to do a lot with Reddit video and uh
lots of other things they have going on
their picture and video hosting I there
was there was sites that cropped up in
the early Reddit days I think imager is
one of them uh but I I'm pretty sure
there was other ones as well where their
whole thing was that they were a host
for video and pictures that went on
Reddit uh and then I think Reddit saw
that and was like oh we want to move
this in-house but that just costs insane
amounts of money so there's a couple of
discussion questions here one is how
will going public change Reddit I mean I
don't think at all compared to how
they've been behaving recently since
everything they've done over the last
couple of years has been in the leadup
to going public and trying to juice the
value as much as humanly possible um I
guess what what I want to know is
how how do yeah no I guess I don't
really want to know anything oh right
yes I remember what I want to know I
want to know if you would invest in
Reddit no well hold on a second though
would you have said the same thing when
Facebook went
IPO when did they go IPO oh man it was
like 10 12 years ago then probably hold
on hold on hold on hold on Facebook IPO
versus today hold on so
Facebook has been
uh I think a five a five Banger for
people who invested hold on IPO price of
$38 at today's price oh whoa whoa whoa
whoa today's price of around 191 per
share this article is from 2019 okay
where is the stupid how much are the
worth today uh so they went IPO at
apparently
$38 on the first trading day and then uh
Facebook stock price so what are we at
now 484 okay so it's more than a 10
Banger begger bger that's the word so
it's like a 13 beggar or something like
that you 13 extra money over uh what was
it let's see when did they go IP that
was 2012 so about 12 years ago man I'm
good okay Facebook was the king of the
internet back then they were but it
wasn't clear what their model for
actually monetizing any of it was going
to be yeah but that never mattered okay
all right but you don't see a path to
Reddit becoming a bigger player in the
advertising space or the AI space the
advertising space no as far as my
understanding goes advertising on Reddit
uh is horrible and has always been
horrible what about the microtransaction
space I don't think so I don't think
anyone really cares um they even like
killed Awards didn't they I'm not sure I
don't know I think so some other new way
to do it yeah I don't know maybe there's
some other new way to do it but I think
they removed the original way that you
could like Guild post and stuff like
that um they might have replaced it I
might be wrong I don't know don't take
that as anything um their only real
value I can think of is selling their
data
um which they're getting 60 million for
it um from one company I don't know if
that's exclusive I to assume Really I
sincerely doubt that that's exclusive I
mean why would Sam Alman who owns what
was it like 6 point something per of the
company 8.7 um yeah why why would he be
like you know what would be cool not
having this data not having this data
I'm not going to Advocate against this
like and if they took even if they took
half as much for access from Google well
then they could sell
it Google
Microsoft would open AI just have not
necessarily they could say no you have
to buy two licenses one for Microsoft
one for open Ai and then I mean who the
knows like maybe yahoo still wants
it cuz they want to be relevant again or
something moft again you could oh that's
right you could definitely the point is
you could definitely turn around and
sell it multiple times selling it to
Microsoft like six times yeah and you
know you're a public company so you're
just going to do whatever is best for
you ethics be damned so you're probably
going to sell it to you know like a um
um
crap it's escaping me the one that like
Alibaba you're probably going to sell it
to um you know by do uh no no I I
absolutely I absolutely think that they
can scale up selling their data um maybe
they'll have some pretty good use but
there's a lot of the laws around that
right now are kind of weird and the
concern for me is that that might
already be priced
in yeah but I don't know that for sure
how much how much are they losing per
year right now uh that I don't know I
can tell you that they've been really
pushy lately about us advertising on
them I don't think they
really know who we are like oh hold on
one sec um like I
I we don't advertise yeah lus Tech tips
on Reddit well we we I guess that might
go to the wrong inbox but we do
advertise like certain CTO Warehouse
things no went to my inbox and they're
like yeah lineus Tech tips is really
cool uh brands have seen success in our
program we thought lineus Tech tips
could be a good fit heck yeah dude
uh you're missing out on an incremental
engaged
audience
um yeah I um I guess that's neat but
like we don't I mean do you want do you
want to advertise with us really who
know reverse yeah yeah we can we can
sell your data um I don't know how to
read this I'm I'm I'm getting like
headlines but I'm not getting a lot of
uh apparently they saw 21% Revenue
growth uh but $90 million in losses nice
sick nice I mean you know for for
Silicon Valley that's pretty good right
that's pretty good yeah
yeah yeah um I don't know I would be I I
would have been pretty what is is
bullish the right term on Facebook yeah
when it went IPO I remember when that
happened and I remember being
like don't have any money don't have any
money would have been sick though
um I don't feel the same way this time
around um I remember before Halo 1 came
out I I like begged my grandpa to invest
in Bungie without knowing that that
wasn't like a thing you could do
um but I was like this game's going to
go bangers I like I know it um I
remember years later being like oh man I
wish he like did that he'd be like so
wealthy now and then I looked into it
and I was like yeah it's not a thing you
can do like okay
cool oh man oh Luke anyways uh all right
I think it's time for us to do a couple
merch messages and explain what they are
they're the best way to interact with
the show because instead of just
throwing money at the screen like you
might do with other streamers you get to
throw money at the screen and also get
great merchandise in your mailbox we've
got a couple of big announcements for
the store this week first we have a
backpack discount update we have
extended the expiry on our dual layer uh
discount for backpack buyers prior to
December 9th to make sure that they can
use it towards magnetic Cable Management
if they choose to I had someone ask me
about this they were like hey am I going
to be able to use my credit for magnetic
cable management and I was like yeah and
then the launch was delayed and now
we're like yeah still yeah still yeah
but it's going to be a little bit so uh
the expiry date has been moved to March
15th which should give you some idea of
when magnetic cable management is
hopefully
coming uh we also have a backpack
Carabiner update Source Reddit this is
hilarious they are in people's hands
check it out this is it this is the real
deal this is the kit that you will get
with all your replacement bits and Bobs
you get the tool for prying open the
original uh pull holders you get a set
of regular pulls from YKK so this is
just in case you've had enough Carabiner
in your life and you just don't want any
more of
it you get a full set of replacement
Carabiner pulls these are in titanium
alloy of some sort they're super awesome
uh they don't have any hinges on them
they just uh We've shown them on the
show before but they basically just have
these like Cuts in either side so
they're really bendy at the right spot
and they work like a carabiner would and
you get the custom designed uh from the
Creator Warehouse team a zipper closer
uh tool that is I think did we end up
injection molding this I don't remember
it's either 3D printed or injection
molded but it's plastic and you
basically turn the thing in order to
close it shut I believe tinan hosted the
video that you will scan this QR code to
view and it shows you exactly how to
replace them all the whole process
should take less than like 10 minutes to
get all the old ones off and all the new
ones on now this is really important I
cannot stress this enough you are to use
either
these or
these one
time just one time don't swap back and
forth these are not for you know oh you
know I'm really in a carabiner mood
today and or no you know what I'm really
feeling the more basic pull
look one time if you open them and close
them and open them and close them and
replace the poles more than you have to
it will cause the metal to fatigue and
it will cause it to break so one
time um don't tell me what to do I'm
telling you what we cover so that's what
I'm telling you trust me bro do it one
time uh the last thing for us to shout
out this week for the store is that we
have stock of the legendary Honeywell
PTM
7950 thermal pads these are sweet uh
they really are this has been a long
time coming as it turns out um
Honeywell not a super easy company for
randoms like me to get in touch with
with and we were but we were able to get
in touch with someone who was a viewer
slan and had a contact at a distributor
for Honeywell and was able to get us
access to their PTM 7950 which we
actually
reviewed here we go Reddit told me to
buy this man the whole show is like
Reddit themed today it it it about a
year and a half ago long story short
it's really cool you put it in the
fridge which solidifies it you cut it in
the shape that you want you peel the the
the backings off of it you put it well
you peel one side you put it onto
whatever it is you're trying to cool CPU
GPU or whatever the case may be you peel
the other plastic off of it and then
what happens is once you mount your heat
sink or your well yeah heat sink or
water block or whatever it is and it
warms up it changes phases allowing you
to have a perfect Mount every time
there's no inconsistency like you might
encounter sometimes with thermal
paste so yeah super cool and you can buy
this stuff in other places it's
absolutely a thing but in most cases
that we've seen it is either extremely
expensive or it comes from sources where
you have no guarantee whatsoever that
the sheet of gray shmoo that you're
buying is actually PTM 7950 because
Honeywell doesn't engage with little ply
you know computer sellers they're
they're not interested if you're not if
you're not a government entity they're
basically not picking up the phone and
that's that's not a fair
characterization entirely but the point
is that they're only really interested
in very big fish now it is still not
cheap you can see here a 6 cm or yeah 6
cm x 6 cm pad is $4.99 but we also offer
a 200 mil by 160 mil
for wait where' the price go ah yes for
$69.99 so that would give you a lot of
uses uh let's see if we can oh no do we
not oh please tell me we have pictures
for scale okay here's the two for scale
oh no do we do we have do we have any of
them next to CPU okay well whatever 6 cm
is pretty big and 20 okay so that's 27
so okay so here for my American friends
that's about uh 2/3 you like fractions
right 2/3 of a 12in ruler is is by about
half of a 12in ruler there you go so
that's that's pretty big that's quite a
few
applications uh is it reusable no it
changes phases so it it is definitely
something you would want to clean off
after you're
done anyway really cool product really
good performance not like your grandma's
thermal
pad what
nothing anyway merch messages all you
got to do is go to LTD store.com and in
the cart there will be a little box
whenever we're live you can fill out a
merch message and it'll go to producer
Dan who will reply to your message
forward it to the appropriate person or
curate it for me and Luke to address on
the show so Dan why don't you go ahead
and hit us with a couple of merch
messages sure can do hi lld Luke how
does having Birds limit your life what
do you do when you go on holiday is it
more difficult than having a cat love of
all animals yeah it can be kind of
annoying um birds are super fragile so
there's a lot of things like in the air
um like if someone cooks with um like
non-stick pans and stuff it can it can
put things in the air that can kill the
the birds there's other different
cleaners and things they might use
around their house and whatnot that can
be really bad for the birds it's a lot
of stuff that would be in the air um
there's even like air fresheners in your
car so having someone else drive them
around can even be a problem um so when
a full play chat I said how to friend's
bird die from resin 3D printer fumes
yeah not surprised not surprised at all
um it's for us there is a local bird vet
uh Aven vet Aven vet Aven vet is that
what it's called I think so sure um and
they do boarding so when we go away we
can leave them at hopefully not with
water
that's for
fish yeah there you go
yeah come on down to Luke's
waterboarding leave your fish with us
we'll make sure they get the finest care
was so concerning so many red flag um
yeah you can leave them at the vet which
uh is also nice because then you can get
checkups and other stuff done while
you're gone so
yeah yeah other one I got here hi W.D
with new AI processing and editing
features in smartphone cameras what is a
picture anymore how much processing is
too much where's the line I mean this is
kind of an older controversy now but uh
check out I was about to clear it yeah
uh it's a space station it's not a moon
the point is look sorry I'm layering up
the Star Wars references here PR that's
a lot of them but I liked it
yeah man I was trying really hard for
this one I'm a little Ray of of Star
Wars
Sunshine yeah I wow yeah I don't think
that one landed very well no it really
didn't just like the movies yeah
po like d but it doesn't matter
um oh my goodness anyway yes the Samsung
moon photos where people were taking
pictures of the Moon through their
Samsung
telephoto you know magnified AI Zoom
nonsense and didn't realize how
how trained the model was to basically
take their picture and use it as kind of
a hint for a much more detailed scan of
or or picture of the Moon that it was
just kind of plunking into people's
pictures wow gee look how perfect the
Moon looks in everyone's pictures on
Samsung
phones what even is a picture anymore
what even his truth anymore how about
this what was a picture ever
what if your picture from you know
1951 was edited anyway that wasn't in
color and was grainy as heck and had you
know contrast and Clarity issues like
okay uh one of the one of the big
problems with earlier cameras was the
way that they handled darker skin tones
because they were designed by whites for
whites um I didn't know about this makes
sense yeah no it's like it's like a
whole thing it's like it's
anyway modern camera technology and
lighting technology has caught up a lot
to the point where you can
what oh you are bleeding when did that
even happen um please don't get blood on
the table really Dan I'll get some
towels to clean it off um okay is it new
does it look new yeah it looks new what
it's new blood um well I'm fine I'll
just try to not bleed on things that's
the Twilight reboot nice yeah
very good any very good the point is
sure a really paper towel I mean you're
getting him the form right we should
make him fill out the form on show you
Ser yes if you cut yourself at work you
have to fill out the form maybe it
wasn't at
work I just told you it looks
fresh they witnessed it how did that
even happen do you know how much they
witnessed you enough that you have to
spray your mouth full of silver spray
pain all these all these references
look it's been a long week okay what's
happening it's not it's not even I don't
think it's fresh oh man oh man this is
great never injure yourself live on the
internet because you are going to have
you're going to immediately turn into a
hypochondriac because you're going to
have literally 10,000 people looking up
all the horrible awful things that could
cause a spontaneous skin lesion or that
could infect your blood they're going to
have to they're going to have to cut it
off above the elbow Loop
yeah it's over my whole career oh my
goodness you guys could be a tick could
be could be lupus could be a oh man
might as well just amputate it now we
don't even have time to get speed
workplace safety form any% let's go oh
my goodness it was a pre-existing
condition he scratched a scab ELO did
you have a scab there I don't think so
all right well I mean how big like I
can't even really see it it's either
that or uh hold on what's it's not very
big what's this other good one I can't
feel it either I feel like this happened
some other time oh no tinan no look away
oh no oh yeah tian's not going to let
you get away with it safety man is here
sudden sudden death
syndrome he's not an infant
okay it's not like I don't I don't
believe you that it's new I can tell
from the color look at the color of
those pix dry it's I mean yeah is and
there's no blood here here give me
that it's not dry there's literally
blood spots on here what are you even
talking about like little Flex I think
that's dried blood that got off it's not
you can tell from the color luk I tried
to pull it off yeah what you think I'm a
idiot like you've known me a
long time I'm still going to try it's
just about to scratch it's mely a flesh
wound I mean it is a flesh wound sure
give you that but it's it wasn't a
pimple it's like a big spy it's not a
dry one stop showing everyone your blood
gross I'm trying to see it myself
goodness Luke fills out the form live on
the air let's go
Dan well you have to give it to yeah
Luke has to fill out the for technically
that's proprietary information it is not
it's protected medical information and
you've told everybody on the internet
that he's had a medical incident and now
he can uh I think technically I told
everyone oh yeah oh good okay yes Luke
Luke you can only Sue yourself the
company lives another day I'm going to
do it I'm not a member of the Safety
Committee so I actually can't fill this
out but we have an A upstairs if you
need it yes that is I was going to bring
it for comedy but I figured that was
probably actually kind of irresponsible
don't do that yeah exactly it's like
playing with fire extinguishers at work
which we have never done allegedly I
actually don't think we have I don't
think so I was trying to think back in
the old house I was like that seems very
possible back then I don't think we have
but I don't think we did y yeah um I
brought you a Band-Aid though do you
want a Band-Aid sure just so I don't get
blood on anything okay so don't I still
don't feel it back to our conversation
about cameras so my question is yeah is
that photo that you took in
1951 real or are there all kinds of
approximations and flaws in that
representation that we only accept
because we are used to
them I I think by that logic yeah no no
Recreation of anything ever could be
real um but I do think that
intentionally
changing something we intentionally
change things all the time what's a
color filter I mean yeah I I include
that oh okay so then fine go ahead but
is that so is that changing something
through editing cuz the question is what
is a picture
anymore I guess my counter question is
what was a picture ever if you've been
on Instagram what has a picture been
this whole time because people are you
know you can see people that are trying
to yeah shrink their waist or or make
their arms look big or whatever and
you'll see y oh I meant peex I meant PEX
both to be honest um and you'll see like
the background behind them like warp
because they've like expanded or or or
uh contracted something oh my goodness
speaking of Contracting
something pendan nice oh
wait oh my gosh this was all planned oh
no way really is this what I think it is
are you allowed to show this off i' have
it better yeah are you allowed to show
it off I don't know I'll go to CW and
help you leak it tinan is he allowed I
feel like tan would
know dang it I don't have it I can go to
CW and their lives for it's
okay A that
sucks wait is is tyan Ashley saying that
okay uh no no he's not I I I wanted to
wanted to leak the fail pen which I
think we've actually talked about before
but we've talked about it yeah we do we
do have a can't see can you put it on I
can't see God this is
sad what was that that that was you not
letting go when you try to hand me
something yeah dkss there you
go it feels better
now oh my goodness it's cuz I'm a father
daddy kisses he everything
okay all right I'll do this right oh
calm down you guys I kissed the Band-Aid
I I don't care either way um and he knew
that
um this is going to end up on the
subreddit before the night is out yeah
oh yeah yep yep and it's going to it's
going to explode it's going to break the
internet better invest in Reddit
wait what are we supposed to be talking
about right now right are they pictures
right are you no you're just filling out
forms okay well I am no I I I think yeah
I think
um some camera nerds going to come back
at me with like certain cameras are
going to naturally look different in a
certain way compar to other ones I think
I think if you go in or even framing
even the way you frame a picture can
change the context dramatically
intensely yeah yeah yeah I think we're
getting to a
new
man there's a movie reference here but I
don't remember the exact naming but
we're we're getting to like new ground
here UNT tread paths where where
having things that aren't even like
we're not even necessarily tuning these
dials like with the Samsung thing it's
just doing that automatically it's
changing the picture um that's uncharted
waters there we go um strange new worlds
yeah there's there's a lot of different
references this could be but I I I do
think this is
new and different and in a way
scary because I think it's kind of less
obvious um I think there's a lot of ways
like what we were talking about with the
like bent backgrounds and stuff there's
quite a few ways that you could tell if
something was edited in the past this is
going to be going to be harder a lot
harder y time of
injury uh I mean we could check the time
stamp I bet someone knows PM I have no
idea how specific does it have to be uh
just yeah if I mean
very accurate yes I filled out a form
for my injury the other day uh during
the shoot um my my cut was 2 mm long I
believe I caught a hang nail on my pants
and you really is that what it was I
think so yeah cuz you were standing next
to a recently metal framed thing I just
assumed you touched a sharp object or
something no no it was definitely uh
pants ripping my fingers open that was a
fun shoot though maybe we should talk
about that a little bit uh Let's do
let's do our oh oh no yeah we've got
topics okay we get to do topics so Luke
wasn't there I kind of feel bad for not
inviting you to what you probably would
have wanted to come the full projector
wall thing the the world's largest
gaming displays do you know the Weird Al
song which one Frank's 2000 inch TV I
don't think so hold on sounds awesome
does it have a music video I actually I
actually don't know if this has a music
video uh it would appear that it does
not uh but it's it's a weird l song from
I want to say the late 90s or something
like
that
um anyway the point is that he sings
this song about you know kind of poking
fun at keeping up with the Joneses and
and flaunting your wealth through fancy
electronics and it's sort of this this
guy who buys this endgame TV that can
only be delivered through ju just
utterly decadent means and you know but
you know thank God I can watch The
Simpsons from 30 blocks away know anyway
so it's it's it's it's really funny
because it's weird all and he's always
funny um so is what you're trying to say
is that those pictures of that were
edited no oh what I'm trying to say is
that that dis display was
2,70
in we did it we made Frank's 2000 in
TV that's pretty fantastic yeah it ended
up being I I forget the exact number so
don't quote me on this just wait to
watch the video if you want to know the
exact numbers but it was something like
170 ft
wide yeah yeah that makes sense but like
wow by like 30 something feet tall
absolutely
enormous
and oh okay right Dan was there yeah um
Dan I'm going to say something that's
going to sound controversial and then
there's no pressure to agree with me but
I would love to hear your take one of
the games that we played on it was
flight simulator and I felt that it was
more immersive than
VR the depends on the well okay so I was
I was playing Microsoft flight simulator
uh so I can't remember if I even watched
anybody do it I'm not sure I would uh I
would say no in my
opinion um certainly not playing it I
felt very claustrophobic in the cockpit
it seemed uh it wasn't kind of far back
enough maybe if we had tweaked the
settings and it would be a little bit
better um looking around wasn't really
possible in the you know maybe if I
turned my head something like that
that's a really wide flat display I
would say it's a different it's a
different kind of immersive to VR VR is
like you're sitting there and this was
kind of
like the next best thing this is
everywhere it was kind
of more
like it it wasn't as as presence and as
real as being in VR oops so I played
some of the other games but I didn't
actually play Flight Sim I watched Dan
play Flight Sim so I was um like I was
the passenger of the plane and maybe the
fact that I didn't have to be focused on
the middle you can look around and I
could like really look around out over
what feel like life-size Vistas but
because the display was so large that it
occupied almost my entire field of view
even moving my head around a little bit
the sense of scale was incredible I got
that a lot too and and I wasn't I wasn't
looking through a periscope you know and
modern VR headsets have reached a point
where the where the field of view is
pretty good that's right yeah but it
wasn't even
close but it isn't even close to to that
experience of having genuine vastness
you actually get the full fov of your
eyes and there's no headset and like
you're you're there I think I kind of
got that feeling the same sort of
feeling of being the passenger and just
kind of looking but I'm focused Dead
Ahead my entire field of view is just
you know langly and that's a thing right
is that when I'm playing a game in VR
this doesn't bother me because I'm
focused on this and if I want to see
something else I'll do what I would do
in real life because we can only achieve
our our maximum resolution over what is
it like a 4% of the area we can see only
within like a certain area like it's not
it's not actually out here that you
would so you would turn your head anyway
so that's really natural but if I was if
I was an observer through that
tunnel I wouldn't like it whereas being
an observer on the giant wall oh there's
there's like more proper terms for this
I don't think this is the right term but
suspension of disbelief I think is also
hurt by something strapped onto your
head like you're always going to be at
least somewhat
aware like yeah you might be convinced
that the plank you're you're not
convinced but your brain might be
freaking out because you're walking on a
plank above a highrise and your brain's
like I don't want to fall even though
you know you're in VR but you have this
thing strapped to your face there's
there's a lot of cues to kind of remind
you that
it's it's not what's actually happening
thinking back there was a number of
moments where I don't know everything
just kind of fell away CU you're looking
at a monitor but you're you're focused
quite close to you and you don't have a
headset so you don't have any of the
perception of things touching you or
that you're wearing a headset that's
kind of harder to forget but when you're
in front of basically just this window
that goes into the sky um I think that
that kind of dissociation happens a hell
of a lot faster than with anything I've
felt before I did not feel like I was
looking at a wall it didn't look like a
monitor it it looked like I was flying a
a window into um into something else and
the sense of of motion that I got was so
much more convincing than at least any
other flat display that I have ever
experienced just because of the sheer
vastness of it um it was a really cool
setup we we actually ended up shooting
two videos that day instead of just one
we shot one that's like a land Center SL
Badminton Center update um because
people had I had to approve Dan's time
for this oh okay yeah people had to um
people had more questions uh that they
raised than they felt were answered by
the first video so we ended up talking
actually I don't think I've really
addressed anyone's questions from the
first video but the point is there's
cool stuff uh and and we and we talk
about it Dan goes through some of the
networking stuff our armored fiber is on
site ready for installation so we do a
little uh we do a little autopsy on the
fiber that we're going to be rolling out
and stuff like that it's a really cool
video and then at the end of it uh Chase
shows off kind of what we have planned
for a big projector gaming console
corner and we grab the 120in screen from
my that used to be in my basement and we
put that up and then we
go yeah but it's dark enough in here we
could go bigger and we kind of just
throw as big of an image as we
conceivably can with the projector that
I had in my basement at the wall until
we realize
okay yeah you can only go so big no
matter how dark it is before it starts
to look washed out and and Garbo
right then we go from 2700
lumens to working with an AV company
that specializes in these kinds of
deployments to a
multi-projector
12,000 Lumen setup
and yeah there's there's there's no way
to there's there's nothing I can say
other than it's unlike anything I've
ever experienced I kind of did want to
see it but I'm sorry um can you imagine
that at 240 HZ I know it was only at 60
HDR 4K 240 HZ 2,000 in W I guess what
you're saying is you want to redo it
yeah do it better yeah bigger
building no I no that that's that's
going to be a no um thank you for the
suggestion though Dan appreciate you you
could use it for the new town There's
not going to be a new town yeah none of
these people know what you're talking
about it's on the
pre-show oh that makes it better no
inside jokes are not good all right Dan
do you want to hit us with one more uh
wrong button yep sure I got one more
let's see
uh evening dll what happens if the CPUs
bended for the labs test benches fail do
you restart the process are there any
spares are they expected to be obsolete
or replaced before they fail I really
hope they don't um but as part of our
process we're going to be retesting
anyway and with new Aisa updates bios
updates uh driver updates the the ones
that we're using may change anyway so
it's something we're going to have to go
through regardless of whether one of
them dies or whether one of them doesn't
so it's just I think it's just uh oh my
gosh I'm an idiot what remember I was
all concerned about showing people the
scale of the thermal
pads I have
them yeah yeah I didn't think of that
they're right here oh I didn't realize
this was a thing that happened probably
cuz I'm pretty out of it but yeah cool
yeah any anyway so the big ones I mean
you're you're supposed to cut kind of
both of them but one of these is like
this is you're you're installing a CPU
you installing one CPU one one giant CPU
or four smaller ones oh yeah you you
could do four smaller ones totally like
I could do I could easily do uh four
ryzen 7000s with this but unquestionably
you'll be able to get one install for a
CPU from that pretty much regardless of
size yes I can't think of one that
wouldn't work uh I think some of the big
epics
you'd probably cover all the dies but I
just wouldn't you just you just spent
$900 you know $22,000 on a CPU just get
a proper thermal pad for it uh so that's
what the big mama is for that's a big
thermal pad so that's a lot of CPU
installations you cut that to whatever
you want yeah
yeah and Sarah designed really nice
packaging for it and everything
yeah so pretty excited about that very
professional showed up to
work showed up to cool your CPU for you
or whatever else thanks Luke you're
doing great today
yeah I'm going to crush him at Super
checks tonight if I even make it he beat
me last week I'm so upset got him he's
I'm so upset he was sick it that last
game I'm still unhappy I think I was
less sick than funny enough but yeah
well
good you're going down this week I out
him two to one I'm also I'm also
grievously wounded I outshot him two to
one and he outscored me 32 got him so
unhappy goalie standing on his head
anyway the point is uh let jump into our
next topic dude I've had some insane
manual
blocks insane yes I know I was there you
have too but like you
know you know you didn't get a lot more
goals on
me um um all right what we we talking
about now I also got a lot less shots
though uh Troy Hunt is having an issue
with his Sono setup
oh I feel like I'm going to regret going
down this rabbit hole before even asking
but here goes we have eight Sonos
devices three wired the rest Wireless we
have massive Wi-Fi coverage with
ubiquity mesh gear but are now having
major problems playing audio to multiple
rooms with constant dropouts regular
unable to Connected device errors units
appearing off line and so on firw up to-
date everywhere power cycles and network
reboots but the problems persist I'm
guessing it's somehow Network related
but I don't even know where to begin on
this one ideas I have two ideas idea
number one is if you have the 2.4 GHz
radios enabled on all of your ubiquity
units go through and strategically
disable a bunch of them I actually ran
into this recently with my setup where I
had everything on default I had all the
2.4 GHz radios on and I had them all set
to to automatic channel selection and on
recent fmer this was very recent they
were all selecting channel one for some
reason and with all of them I have
something like eight access points in my
house or something like that with all of
them on channel one even just the
regular pinging of hey are you there was
annihilating the available um like the
available band uh not bandwidth but just
the available Spectrum yeah like just
utilization was capped and so I was
having dropouts not with my Sonos
devices necessarily but with some
devices kind of everything and I was
getting music cutting out however I went
through and
um Jake actually recommended this picked
one per floor to go to 2.4 GHz and then
disabled 2.4 on all the rest of them uh
that resolved the dropouts I was getting
from other devices but I was still
getting cutouts from my Sonos units and
Ivon made the suggestion that um you
know or not suggestion but she asked a
question because she's been married to
me for a thousand years and listens and
you know she just tries to participate
and it's delightful um she's not into
Tech but she knows a lot is what I'm
trying to say and she kind of goes oh
well you know could it be a wireless
issue and I go no it doesn't make any
sense they're all wired all of my Sonos
units except one are
wired and then I went into the app and I
found that are they all working
wirelessly anyways even though they are
all plugged in there's a setting in the
app to disable Wireless on them now I
don't know for sure that they were
working wirelessly but what I will say
is after I painstakingly went through
and disabled wireless on all of them
which is a horrible experience by the
way Sonos if you're watching because
everything because you can't do it
wholesale because as part of the process
you have to navigate through like two or
three different submenus to even get to
that button for that one and number
three it has to go through a process
where it determines if it has a wired
connection before it will allow you to
disable the wireless connection which I
understand but what I don't understand
is why it takes like 30 seconds for it
to determine that and can I just go on a
side rant here why the
everloving does it take so long for a
device to tell you if it has a
internet connection if it has one or not
yes it drives me bat crap crazy whether
it's a game console or a TV where it
does that or man remember the Wii yeah
how long it would take to know if it had
a internet
connection how many
milliseconds does it take to ping
something do you have an intercon
connection yes or
no yeah I wonder if like I wonder what
exactly they're doing I'm sure I'm sure
they're probably doing more than that
obviously yeah what is it I'm not
sure and I feel like that there has to
be some convoluted phone home thing
instead of just like Ping Google or
something some of the newer ones do a
speed test and they will report the
result of that got it and and that makes
sense you cannot determine how fast a
connection is without transferring some
amount of data over some period of time
longer than probably the you know 9
milliseconds it would take to do we want
to tell the user that there is an
internet connection if we don't know
it's stable yet but a lot of them don't
appear to be doing that and
just yeah I'm not sure just take a long
time there's there's a there's a lot of
stuff like that that I just I got to
tell you guys I just don't really
understand um with how many millions of
cycles per second a modern processor
runs
that why does it still take just about
exactly as long to plug in an ethernet
cable and for it to say you're
connected well I still I still feel like
it's probably because it's doing
external things well no because no no
I'm not even talking about that right
now I'm talking like when you plug in an
ethernet cable plug in an ethernet cable
yeah okay it it has to negotiate the
link speed sure but how long does that
take so you're talking even even just
your local network yeah so even just
detecting that it's plugged in at all
when you just plug in a cable I haven't
had this problem
until uh actually my my work desktop my
work desktop's a huge pain sometimes it
just will not accept an ethernet
connection I have to restart the whole
computer and then it works you know what
you might want to do is manually set
your uh speed and
duplex um I
I've found that the 2 and 1 half gig in
uh in that office is a little bit
sketchy and if I depending on your
chipset if you set it to gigabit then
it'll
just work every time um so okay I'm
answering my own question I do know some
of why it takes longer um if for example
there's some packet lost then it will it
will take a while to figure out okay
what is the appropriate link speed for
this connection but there are a lot of
things in the tech world
that are operating at you know millions
of cycles per second that seemingly
should be instantaneous but take a very
very long time sometimes even things are
happening locally extreme low
priority yeah I guess even if the CPU is
running way faster it might not be
allowed to use any more than it used to
use in the
past but really though like if I could
just have it happen instantly I mean
that would be that would be great yeah
but then if they if they did that every
time you plug in a cable in your
computer just like then they're going to
get a bunch of complaints about it I'm
sorry but I'm not convinced it would
yeah that's probably fair I'm not
convinced like even plugging in like a
plugging in like a USB drive why is that
not
instantaneous I feel like it is for me
it's not instantaneous it's pretty fast
it's reasonable it's pretty fast I'm not
convinced it's any faster than it was 10
years ago though yeah our computers are
a lot faster than they were 10 years ago
it's it's kind of like how you you'll
play an old game and the loading times
still suck you're like what was the
bottleneck here cuz my CPU is four times
faster my storage is 40 times
faster it could be such a huge range of
things it could be it could be timeouts
it could be uh the amount of things that
old games based off of your system clock
um it could be it could be a yeah that
one triggers me so hard I again again
again I do know some of the reasons for
this it just bothers me probably more
than it should there could be things
where like it needs to do a thing and
then make sure that that thing is
functioning for a set amount of time
that's what I mean by yep timeouts so
like the timeouts might even be uh well
intentioned but
yeah um anyway in response to Troy I
would take the three wired ones so first
I would do the 2.4 GHz thing then I
would take the three wired ones and I
would go into your Sonos app and
manually disable Wireless on them so
that you know for sure that they are
actually using the wire and then that
will that will hopefully mean you will
have fewer devices fighting for airtime
anyway are you just hoping he watches as
part of the show I guess I mean I you
like tweeting it at him or I'll tweet it
at him there you go
are you doing that now well what is that
not acceptable to
you sure
yeah lus still hasn't realized Troy
already solved the problem in the next
tweet oh
really
oh all right well let's see what the
solution
was um I was unaware of Sonos net so on
a hunch I pulled the power on the three
Wireless units and power cycled all the
others they running perfectly
now okay so I don't know exactly oh wait
the plan now is to join the three
remaining units directly to Wi-Fi and
cancel out sonosnet altoe so much for
the wired connections always being the
most reliable path interesting all
right very
cool good job
Troy cool anyway I would have been
curious to know if the other thing would
have worked
I actually do not have issues with my
wired Sonos devices though other than
when it turns out they are oh by the way
did I say that it worked perfectly now
for me no but I think I assumed it was
implied
yeah anyway the show is brought to you
by ag1 Luke is gone yeah we're back on
YouTube now all right wonderful uh just
in time to tell you about our sponsor
A1 uh H we're not going to have visuals
neat well there were some oh I will y
okay is this you trying to build a
healthy routine our sponsor ag1 is
covering all the categories for you one
scoop of ag1 has 75 different vitamins
minerals and antioxidants and it's made
to help you focus give you a boost of
energy and promote gut health Luke
Dennis and a few other members of our
team here have tried or even use ag1
daily with Maria our thumbnail artist
drinking it for over a year even before
they partnered with us she says she
likes the flavor and it is super
convenient to cover your daily
supplements plus ag1 might save you a
few dollars compared to purchasing all
the different vitamins separately they
have over 37,000 f-star reviews from
their customers and a 90-day money back
guarantee and now you can try ag1 and
get a free one-year supply of vitamin D3
plus K2 and five free ag1 travel packs
with your first purchase at drink a1.com
wow check it out at the link down below
the show is also brought to you by
vessie sometimes people might not
compliment you after you shave your
beard that's okay but people will
definitely applaud you if your socks are
dry after a long walk in the rain our
sponsor vessie is here to help you stand
on your feet when you're in a stormy
situation they claim their shoes are
100% waterproof thanks to their diatex
technology and even the most torrential
downpours don't stand a chance they have
all kinds of different shoes for
different occasions from slippers to
their most adventure ready ultah High
tops which are designed to take on
slippery slushy chilly winter conditions
and their weekend and everyday classic
sneakers are great for just wearing
about don't let the rain stop you from
moving with a 365-day guarantee you can
leave your wet socks in the past head
over to vy.com show and get 15% off your
first purchase with code wow finally the
show is brought to you by
MKBHD just kidding the ridge but also
MKBHD Marquez joined the ridge our
longtime partner as their Chief creative
partner this is very exciting news you
guys probably already know the ridge
they make minimalistic and functional
wallets and a bunch of other accessories
uh the wallet can hold up to 12 cards
plus room for cash with either a money
clip or an elastic band and you can even
add a coin trade that carries coins keys
and other small items the ridge is known
for its quality only the highest grade
materials are used in their Construction
Plus they offer a lifetime warranty to
keep your mind find at ease you can
check out their new leather wallet oh
wow a ridge but with leather what every
leather Ridge wallet is made with oil
wax and full grain leather and the ridge
doesn't just make wallets their key case
is also a favorite of ours here at lmg
with over 880,000 f-star reviews and a
99-day risk-free trial you must try the
ridge out and for Wow viewers you can
use code when to get 10% off your
purchase and free shipping we're going
to have that linked down
below all right
for everyone who's still watching why
don't we go ahead and jump into a new
topic merch messages oh uh let's do a
topic okay yeah then then we'll do then
we'll do something else
um oh
wow uh oh oh boy uh okay Google
apologizes for gemin biased image
generation wait had you not heard of
this I had not seen any pictures I had
only headline so far oh yeah okay oh
yeah so this is this is really wow this
is really something
um 1943 German Soldier the fck am I
looking at
here uh okay Luke do you want to walk us
through this one cuz there's a lot to
unpack I think I'll just read the the
thing and then I'll start unpacking
after that Google has tempor removed the
image generation feature from its Gemini
chatbot following a widely reported
problem where it would refuse to
generate images of white people or
Latinos and would insert the keyword
diverse into unrelated prompts in at
least one case this resulted in
generating images of a group of
multi-racial 1943 German soldiers as we
just showed you according to Google this
was caused by a miscalibrated mechanism
meant to counteract other another
well-known issue with early image
generation models namely that they would
overweigh the most common stereotypical
images in their databases leading to a
generator that would only produce men
when asked for a scientist or would
produce a white doctor uh even when
explicitly asked for a black doctor
Google has apologized for the
overcorrection Google likewise appears
to have a moderation system based on
spelling brilliant uh meaning that it is
easily bypassed by intentional mistyping
of a forbidden word discussion question
is there a correct amount of
stereotyping that an AI should use
shouldn't Google be able to find a less
dumb way of fixing these issues I think
the issue
specifically um if you want to ask me is
not that
it uh if it was
like more likely to do a certain thing
but would do a range of things I think
that's fine um
um yeah except that a lot of these
prompts because generating more than one
image is uh very expensive a lot of
these prompts that I've used in the past
only spit out one at a time anyway I
believe Gemini tends to do four sure but
okay if we're talking about Gemini
specifically then I see I see your
solution being okay you could have three
that just use the images that it's
trained on and then one that's kind of a
like shot in the dark uh whereas for of
the ones that only spit out one image if
it gave
me I mean well
really especially top right and bottom
left if it gave me either of those I
mean this may also well maybe he's the
soldier I don't know I mean she's
wearing the uniform right yep I mean
well this this this is just this is just
a lot to unpack in general it's also
like an americanish looking Soldier yeah
like down she seems to be helping yeah
so her her uh storage pack that's on her
back hip I think is upside down I like
her hair it's kind of sick it's just not
here but it is here and it's here yeah
but not here yeah
um yeah it's tough um but I think I
think I think
forcing terms ends up being a problem
because it over corrects as we have just
seen but on the other hand you can't
just generate men when you search for
Doctor totally but if you search
specifically
for um yeah yeah so like the the
unaltered one is also too far though
because again um internal hair routing
ducting in the uniform they would they
would they would over she pulled a Mulan
cuz women weren't allowed to serve in
Germany then anyway yeah yeah perfect um
they would overweigh the most common
stereotypical images in the databases
leading to a generator that would
produce men uh when asked for science or
this is the key point in my opinion
would produce a white doctor even when
explicitly asked for a black doctor so
the original way it was going was also
wrong yes cuz you're not even getting
specifically what you asked for out of
it so they needed to correct off of that
because the original version is just bad
um but this is just too far um I think
think I think
uh if you weren't already thinking this
I think this is quite a slap in the face
for the observation that this this is a
very in-your-face
obvious version of this but all of these
systems are going to be tuned to
something whatever company's version of
this that you're using is going to be
tuning it to serve you certain types of
things and you need to understand that
your worldview or your exposure whatever
else is going to be and just wait
painted until they're tuning it
specifically for you yeah so they'll
they'll they'll creep your Facebook and
be like oh well you are you're super I'm
going to pick a no I'm not going to pick
anything controversial I will pick uh
mops you really into mops you are you
are pro mop Enthusiast you are pro the
mops that were already there or you are
pro the brooms that came later you know
whatever whatever it is and so when you
search for uh you know a patriotic
Soldier it's going to show you mop
soldiers or whatever else whereas if you
you know if you are more on the side of
the brooms then it's going to show you
broom soldiers you know right so if I
searched Soldier for example maybe it
would give me a Canadian Soldier exactly
because it has the context that I'm
maybe in Canada or maybe it knows that
I'm a Canadian citizen or something like
that and remember with how much they
know about you it might give you a
Canadian Soul it might give you a
Canadian sniper yeah cuz you'd be more
into Marksmanship than than necessarily
you know uh being a tanks tank tank uh
yeah operator Gunner whatever there's a
range of roles in there but yeah sure uh
but but part of a member of a tank crew
like I I would guess it might be and and
it it it depends on what the uh what's
driving a tanky very nice danan
um it depends on on what's driving the
value for this thing so a conversation
that we were talking about earlier where
you're the product it's like okay so
what are you serving me are there
product placements is it going to give
you a Canadian Soldier using a
particular rifle with a particular scope
on it yeah is it going to try to push me
into you know uh recruitment for the
military somehow um is it is it is it
only going to show soldiers that like
look very you know successful in clean
cut is it going to show soldiers that
look like you maybe so you can see
yourself in that more easily like
there's there's lots of ways that these
things can be tuned we are so close to
dystopia that like we're basically here
yeah yeah so like this is this is
something that uh just just because this
one was super obvious if this goes away
the the root problem is very much
here just because it it might not be
spitting out images of um and they can
hide it they can hide that root problem
by doing what we're talking about by
tuning it to output something that you
expect and these inputs are things that
you will give them you are going to give
them willingly helping them build their
profile for you because it will make the
tools work better and we like these
tools and they're convenient so it'll
spit out nine images for you
and it'll say which one do you think was
the best one it remember which one the
Aran one and it'll be like all right
good to
know and you'll get more of that you
need to start self analyzing with some
of the results you start getting you
just type in Soldier and it just gives
you a 1943 German Soldier and you're
like
oh oh who's wearing a jersey that says
laugher on the back oh
no what's
happening a sounds like Google me yeah
uh absolutely exactly but I think don't
forget about meta even more like Amazon
more easy for them to be nefarious with
and the US
Army and other armies yeah remember the
US Army was on Twitch that was a thing
yeah was I mean uh are they not anymore
I was just going to check
yeah wouldn't surprise me US Army
Esports m four years ago maybe they're
not uh schedule here we go oh no last
stream two years ago okay so this
particular thing is no longer a thing
but don't kid yourself um sure they're
around somehow it's definitely a thing I
had no idea how into merchandising the
US Army was yeah we have a video coming
shortly I actually reviewed the edit for
it's a great video I I just reviewed the
edit before W show today um on these
like kind of um wannabe Razer
peripherals we actually showed them on
the show couple weeks ago I think and
one of the other things that this
company that makes these uh ripoff razor
peripherals does is they make US Army
branded stuff and as part of that rabbit
hole we went looking for all the things
with US Army co-branding on
them what yeah there's anything and
everything with United States Army
co-branding it's absolutely wild oh
there's tons of stuff like they should
pay you to wear it you know cuz you
served or something not not you pay them
to to I mean I don't know I maybe maybe
I'm missing something here but good
gravy I wonder like are you okay I don't
know like you have acid reflux or I'm
trying to hold it together are you do
you need do you even
cheap look at a yeah oh man $40 t-shirt
it's amazing how often we take flak for
the pricing on our store oh my goodness
sorry guys our shirts are
$20 like we we I don't anyway it doesn't
matter the point is got more expensive
$44 oh hold on I'm back to your laptop
is that cuz there's print on the back is
there no yeah I don't think print on the
back does cost more and that's a pretty
reasonable upch charge for double-sided
printing it's it adds a complete extra
step with an additional screen okay
they've got they've got a $19 well
what's a PT
shirt personal training oh okay okay
they there's some reasonably priced
stuff here I have no idea what the
quality of any of this is what is army
gear us.com though discounts get pretty
fat I don't think this is actually I
have no idea no this isn't this isn't
the Army Luke I don't know dude man
you're are you are you like uh no it's
AR Army co-branded I think right I don't
I don't know that looks pretty Army
co-branded to me I have no idea
this Under Armour duty honor country T
duty duty honor country did they just
take every keyword I think that's one of
their like their tagline things like on
their on their coins and stuff it so I
think there would usually be like a
symbol between each word or something
people are saying that is the logo so
okay yeah that that is definitely the US
Army logo that's why I was saying
physical training oh there you go not
personal training shirt whatever I knew
it meant like going to workout NATO
apparently streamed a gaming tournament
but the twitch channel is no longer
there for some reason wild um any why
don't we jump into we've got a few merch
messages Dan want to hit us yeah sure
thing let's see here maybe we should
fetch Luca bucket at some point I think
he's I did offer him earlier oh I'll be
fine okay uh yeah I got two here for you
hi dll the American Red Cross released a
VR training app for lifeguards but it
needs the quest two or three lus do you
think this would have helped you become
a better lifeguard and can it help
others I think it could have helped with
repetitive training exercises like going
through the motions literally of you
know working on CPR compressions or um
or to to practice like if they have a if
they have like a simulated pool that you
can stand next to and try to spot
distressed swimmers and stuff like that
try to try to get your like make it make
make it a game try to get your time down
like how fast you you recognize a
problem like I could see I could see
stuff like that being kind of useful but
when it comes to the nuts and bolts of
can you actually haul someone's you know
soggy butt out of a pool no you need
real life you need to you need to
actually train so if I was doing a
training program and I had homework for
the weekend where I had to get my
response time down to you know 3 seconds
to spot or whatever yeah sure I could
see being kind of useful for that I also
think if you're if you're doing stuff
like if you're if you're training um
once you've gotten them out of the water
Aid I don't know what different forms of
that that would come up in but if it's
like training that you do with a dummy
yep if you could still do that training
with a dummy but while VR strapped in so
it's like more real reality I think it
might help desensitize in situations
where it might be rough yeah that's kind
of interesting um another thing I could
see it be really being really useful for
with mixed reality is things like um you
know landmarking or um like okay one of
the things that you need to do if you're
going to do mouth to mouth resuscitation
like uh breathing assistance is is you
have to tilt the head back and so if it
would tell you like hey you didn't tilt
back far enough cuz it's actually
monitoring it could show you like uh
like a you know like a green shade for
how far back the head the head needs to
go in order to open up the airway or
something like that sure I could see it
being very useful I haven't used their
software though I have no idea if it
does any of what I just said it could
just be stupid I'm not sure but yeah
absolutely I mean uh
commercial applications for VR are
heavily heavily uh training focused uh
one of the things that um oh bananas who
was it uh yeah one of the things Intel
showed back when I checked out their Fab
a while back was uh maintenance on the
machines is it it's Microsoft Hollow
lens driven yeah so it'll just show you
like you could be a complete nobody off
the street and you could perform
maintenance on one of these
multi-million dollar machines just by
putting on a hollow lens and it'll be
like okay go over there and get that
toolkit and then open up that tool kit
uh grab this and you pick it up it's
like nope not that one like like really
any monkey with training could like yeah
Hollow lens is totally a thing it's just
not a thing in the consumer space um
military has applications for it as well
well
y all right Dan hit
us sure thing Hi D I work in Live
Theater lighting tungsten bulbs are
being banned by the government the
alternative is LEDs that cost
$10,000 and up to achieve a similar
quality light will small theater survive
this yes um but not be
not not with product that are available
today necessarily the advancements in
LED lighting over the last 10 years have
been a thing to behold I had this
conversation with someone on set a
little while ago and I kind of went okay
let's look at all the major Tech
categories CPU
GPU networking U and there's some solid
arguments to be made for a lot of those
a lot of those categories in terms of
you know what's Advanced the most over
the last 10 years and I was like like
and then I'm going to I'm going to tell
me what you think is Advanced the most
and then I'm going to surprise you with
my answer and see if we can kind of we
play these kinds of games when we're in
between takes and stuff like that and
they they gave their answers and I was
like
lighting and they're
like huh because there are certainly
ways that you know even even a stupid
you know Intel 14 nanm Plus+ plus
refresh has more advanced technology in
in it than than you know one generation
of lighting and to to the next three
generations of lighting potentially but
in terms of what has made an impact on
our business um and in terms of the the
change in quality and cost in that time
I don't know if anything touches LED
lighting and like veritasium had that
video that went viral recently on the
challenges of developing the blue LED
and how just LEDs were up against this
wall forever and then development
happened like wildly fast and that wild
fast development is very much still
happening like in the last 10 years
we've gone from flu we've gone from
fluorescence being dominant to LEDs
being not just dominant but now you can
change the color temperatures on them on
the Fly because these controllers have
come down in cost by so so much um you
can have arrays of LEDs at different
color temperatures and they can do they
can do mixing or they can switch between
one or the other or both the brightness
of them the efficiency of them
everything is getting absolutely
incredible and at the same time costs
are
plummeting the first lights we ever
bought were fluorescence because that
was the only thing that had a CRI or
basically like a like a like um an
accurate enough color
uh to use for filming and then over the
next few years LED lights showed up but
they were prohibitively expensive over
the following 3 to 5 years LEDs got
cheap like why would we buy anything
else cheap nothing else makes any sense
cheap and I just don't really see it
slowing down um so in a bit and I'm not
going to tell you exactly when but in a
bit no I absolutely foresee those
traditional lights being replaceable
with LEDs and I don't know where you are
and when exactly these bands are going
into effect there have certainly been
some shortsighted bands that have
destroyed entire Industries and have
made absolutely no sense I mean uh you
could make a strong argument against the
plastic bag band that went into effect
in Vancouver recently where it's like
okay but is anybody talking about the
energy cost of um paper bags is anybody
talking about the reusability of those
plastic bags compared to the paper ones
like I get it I get a ton of uses out of
my plastic bags yeah and not everybody
does lots of people just throw them away
but like there's issues like that with
the straws as well switch to paper
straws but there's a lot of like
different chemicals and things in the
paper straws it's not just like paper in
a roll that isn't even just paper in a
roll like that's bleached and everything
like and then you're putting that in
liquid and it's soaking into the liquid
liid and then you're drinking that and
it's like oh this is actually glass
straws are the way to go what's wrong
with pasta just use pasta I like pasta
Twizzlers I'm not going to I'm Arc
Twizzler AR there you go call back to
earlier in the show
um where where was I going with this I
forget what the question even was Dan
Dan
started tungsten B are now banned LEDs
help expensive so yeah I'm not saying
that there's any guarantee that you guys
will will able to get there in time and
honestly even if the new lights are
cheap I I know that live productions can
be very budget constrained you might
just not have you might just not have
the budget to replace them at all with
anything and you certainly can't sell
something that's banned so you can't
even recoup any of your old costs is
this is this like a you have to replace
it now thing or is it when your current
existing thing dies you must get a new
one it's probably a right now thing and
I was I was look look at um I was
looking at something recently that was
kind of like this that was basically
like here's a here's a ban that's
happening now and everyone was like yo
this is completely untenable for us like
you're you're basically just killing our
industry I can't remember which one it
is for the life of me
but I hope not I personally love live
theater it's not for everyone um but you
if you ask if you asked me hey me too
you can game for 3 hours or you can
watch a movie for 3 hours or you can do
just about any kind of passive form of
entertainment for 3 hours or you can go
to a live theater show for 3 hours I
will take the live theater show every
single time I justs I I love it it's raw
it's real it's fun it's intimate um you
know I I'm very human I I have a really
hard time enjoying a show that's in a
room with tens of thousands of people
it's just it's not really my vium uh
whereas as a few hundred yeah I can I
can get into that um yep like you can
you can find that person who's laughing
really loud at every at every joke which
I don't know it doesn't bother me like
it would in a movie theater you know
like I don't it's it's it's just it's
it's human yeah it's a really good way
of putting it I love there's a lot of
stuff like that too like if um you know
if like if NASA puts a thing on the
moon it's like well is there person in
it no most people aren't going to
Care does it necessarily make that much
of a difference like we might we might
even be getting the same amount of
accomplishment but if there isn't a
human involved a lot of people are just
like me it's
interesting that that aspect the whole
like viewership on space launches and
space activities that involve people
versus ones that don't involve people
and how uh actually well studied those
metrics are has been something that's
been very interesting for me when
looking at all these new AI tools and
stuff oh um people generally care a lot
more when other people are involved sure
I mean it's the only reason that you
know the Olympics gets to be a thing is
they they get
you they get you focused in on the
stories yeah of the people nobody nobody
actually cares about Javelin other than
the handful of people who care about
Javelin um you
know for
3.96 years and then the Olympics rolls
around and they and they and they tell
all these stories and the stories are
interesting because we've been checked
out of them for over three years yeah um
but yeah no it's it's the human element
that matters for any of this and it's
just you're closer to it I guess is what
I'm trying to say um you know even like
even a live sporting event I just I find
it's it's huge and I've been told a lot
of times that I should go and watch
lower level sporting events and I
probably would enjoy them more but I've
just been kind of busy ever since
following a sports team is actually kind
of a lot of
work
like especially if if if you're like me
and you kind of tend to get into things
like I'm going to want to know what's
going on with you know the other teams
that they compete against and all the
players and the and the ones who are
getting called up and the ones who are
getting sent down in the coaches and I
don't the whole thing
yeah anyway what are we supposed to be
doing Dan ah more topics more topics
what do you want to talk about Luke I
don't know man oh how about this uh do I
do I get do I get an I was right yet um
the PlayStation portal has been um
hacked to play PSP games uh it's called
PPSSPP and will allow the console to
locally run emulated games for the
PlayStation portal
which is what many gamers hoped that the
portal might be able to do when it was
first announced one of the devs behind
the hack Google security researcher Andy
Newan known as the flow has stated that
the hack is not yet ready for release
but he demonstrated shots of GTA 3
running on a PS portal it can also
apparently run Tekken 6 and
Minecraft um this is one of the things
that I feel like maybe we didn't
emphasize enough in our video but we
definitely mentioned when talking about
the value of the PlayStation portal the
fact that by the time cuz remember we
did our video a bit later and by the
time we did it people were already
starting to poke and prod at it with at
least a little bit of success and we
were
like uh this thing might be you know
something might happen and obviously you
know like we're not going to be the ones
to put the work into it but it's the
kind of device that is just
screaming for someone to figure out how
to work around Sony's Walled Garden and
I don't think I've seen an Android
device that has not ultimately been
pwned yeah that one that people care
about yes um and speaking of Sony
devices and being poned uh psvr2 is
getting self- poned Sony has announced
that they will be adding PC support to
the
psvr2 hopefully sometime this year the
headset had weaker than expected initial
sales when it came out last year only
selling around man this is wild like
even you know oh this sucked uh selling
around
270,000
200 you good 270,000 units of the 2
million that Sony manufactured for its
launch window okay so that doesn't sound
like a sales shortfall that sounds like
a manufacturing uh overestimation but
anyway as of now now only about a
million units total have been sold a
discussion question would you switch
over to the psvr2 if it could play games
on
Steam it's a pretty good headset and
it's a pretty good
price I mean I
wouldn't but I do think if you were like
getting into VR it's a heck of a yeah
it's price is like very well positioned
how much is it again it's like 200 bucks
isn't it yes are PPSSPP is
apparently uh is apparently the name of
a good PSP emulator not the name of the
hack so correction thank you chat 750
bucks is that
Canadian yeah yeah well that's Canadian
dollars dude it's OLED oh yeah that's
pretty nice yeah all right okay all
right I'm only really remembering like I
I've never tried this one I've only
tried the first one no it's really good
it's uh it's yeah it's 550 us okay um
and that includes controllers like good
controllers oh nice yeah yeah no it's
it's reasonably
compelling uh oh wow yeah really high
res too wow all right this is
interesting the extremely popular new
game hell divers 2 has been plagued with
server issues since launch uh which
Arrowhead CEO Johan Johan has
acknowledged is largely due to
insufficiently optimized backend code
and the time needed to onboard
additional Engineers to their backend
team currently consisting of four
developers he has recommended that
Gamers especially cash strapped Gamers
hold off on buying it until the issues
are addressed based that
is unheard of yeah I I to be fair if
they had a a sales goal they're I'm
genuinely estimating probably like 50 to
100 times beyond what that sales goal
was at this point right um because they
are just smashing it right now um so
they definitely don't need it and it
might actually be like the the good
press from saying this is is likely just
worth it exacerbating the problem many
players have been squatting AFK on
servers in order to avoid wait times
which Arrowhead Studios will apparently
be addressing in an upcoming pth
yeah guys when there's an issue with
something doing things that make the
issue worse for everyone is bad my
favorite one is like when a login server
goes down and then people just sit there
yeah login Lin L goes down and people
start spamming F in the chat so that
when I try to type an update no one sees
it yeah yeah people are the
problem yeah is that is that patch out
already sorry uh yeah the 15minute AFK
patches is out and they also pretty much
doubled the server capacity yesterday
they've been working non-stop it's
amazing I think it's like a team of four
people backend team is four people yeah
that's right the game is currently PC
PS5 only but a popular petition is
currently circulating to Port the game
to Xbox which I'm sure they will do at
some point when they are not busy well I
think it's like a PlayStation published
game so maybe not oh discussion question
does a company have a certain level of
responsibility to encourage their
customers to make good financial
decisions
um technically that's the most
optimistic sounding thing I've ever read
yeah technically no not even slightly
appreciate you uh probably Jessica who
wrote that I think Riley's more jaded
yeah yeah I think it's really cool when
they do but yeah uh but I think
expecting it at this point is simply not
realistic yeah it saddens me to say
that but it's the truth yeah that was
like um
the the pal World lead developer or
something CEO I don't know what it was
um but people pointed out like oh
there's like a lot less players playing
po world now and he's like that's
cool there was content and they probably
like played it and then hopefully we'll
release more content and they'll come
back that's fine it's like sweet yeah
that makes sense hey you know who else
did the right thing recently the Xbox
team yeah Xbox is adding the ability to
recalibrate their own thumbsticks on
series X and S and Xbox One controllers
this will allow players to fix their own
calibration issues without having to get
a repair or contact support it will also
allow players to independently set up
replacement thumbsticks very cool in
other news earlier this week Xbox
announced that four previously Microsoft
exclusive games sea of Thieves Hi-Fi
Rush grounded and pentant would all be
coming to PS5 and the latter two would
be coming to switch is platform
exclusivity just
like
dead I think to a certain degree is it
buried maybe like okay we have a video
coming that's a um console tier list
video so we go through and we rank from
from s to f um all of the major consoles
from all the major players and we don't
get into handheld it's just like your
live your living room consoles so we
just like crushes um I believe we ended
up
being a tier
go so because pause wait because one of
our
criteria was how how how well the game
Library holds up
today we factored in some historical
significance so like the Atari 2600 ends
up with like a b or something just
because of how many groundbreaking
things Happ happened on that console
okay um but but one of our major
considerations was how do the games for
that platform hold up and this was
something that David and I talked about
he's the writer for it and you know how
passionate he is about games yeah and
he's super into the hardware side as
well but he's a very very passionate
gamer it seems like a video that that he
would crush oh yeah he he killed it he
did a great job um but anyway one of the
things that started to happen as we made
our way into PS5 Xbox series is it
became really difficult to evaluate a
console that way yeah because what is an
Xbox Series game we discuss how one of
the struggles for the Xbox series is
that unlike the 360 they haven't really
had a box mover title not really not to
the degree that Sony has um whether
you're talking about Spider-Man or um
okay Final Fantasy 7 remastered you know
whatever the case may be what do you
mean
Halo okay so a no and B it's not
exclusive you can't shift boxes with
software that runs on other boxes yeah
and and Microsoft has really struggled
not only is the Xbox series under
selling the play PS5 by like 1 to two or
something like that according to the
most recent numbers we were able to find
surprised it's honestly like that low
most of them are Series S they're the
basic one they're not even selling their
premium console not really it's it's a
it's a non-factor in the current
generation race and so you know we're
looking at this thing I'm like okay so
Microsoft cly clearly saw the path here
to to be a a gaming services company uh
so how do we even evaluate their
performance in a race they're not even
really
running yeah that's interesting and even
the PlayStation 5 one of the challenges
that we had evaluating its library was
that over the first couple of years
because the PS4 had such an enormous
install base and was reasonably powerful
still over the first couple of years we
saw so many games with simultaneous
releases on both of those platforms that
it really was more akin to a PC release
that runs okay on your older PC or runs
great on your newer PC so how do you
evaluate the game library of the PS5
here we are what three three years in I
think three years since launch yeah when
most of the games aren't PS5 games
they're PlayStation games yeah I I think
too like it's it's I think the main
blurring that's going to happen like
even with this announcement uh some of
them are going to PS5 but not oh wait no
they all are going to PS5 see that
that's a little bit weird to me uh more
games coming to PC is not that weird to
me and I suspect PlayStation games
personally I don't think we're going to
see a ton of them coming to Xbox just
bad blood or what I think well no I
think the reason why Xbox is doing this
is so that they look less like a
monopoly uh because they're getting a
lot of issues lately with companies
going after them and one of the
discussions around that has been um that
you're using this to try to crush
PlayStation so they're going look we're
giving our games over to PlayStation for
now are old games that people don't care
aboutmore the issue is is that the way
that monopolies squeeze out the
competition is not by doing it
immediately um we I was having an
interesting conversation with someone
about Uber's trajectory or like Uber's
path to uh to profitability they're
profitable now for apparently the first
time and uh I had to take an Uber
somewhere and it was like $30 and it was
barely anywhere so it was as expensive
or more
expensive than what I would have paid
for a cab way back in the day and like
Uber Eats makes no sense anymore at the
rates that you pay for it it's like gee
should I pay double the price for a cold
meal the already ridiculous price yeah
like you don't eat out much no but have
you gone at all
lately it's been a while
okay
um by the way Dan why didn't you join us
for dinner after the shoot
oh I didn't um I didn't even think to
did anybody text you um I think probably
when I was already home okay well okay
well first I invited you and then I
guess you didn't hear me and then uh I
didn't realize that you were going to be
breaking immediately oh yeah I thought
that you were probably going to wait an
hour or two okay well we we did a crew
dinner uh on the uh the the giant
display thing and I was like yeah we'll
do a crew dinner which means he didn't
invite me to the giant display thing at
or and I'm not crew anymore no you are's
not crew anymore no I explicitly invited
you to join the crew dinner which which
is uh when we like when we do an offsite
shoot will'll often cover the meal just
because people are usually
inconvenienced in some way whether it's
Dan and I understand I have technically
already taken talking to the viewers not
to you this is what it's like to work
here looking at the
camera oh no the point is sorry Luke
sorry the point is L did did you did you
read this at all the receipt no oh good
okay so where would you rank um where
would you rank Mexican on like uh like
like no no no no no yes it's
delicious hold on a second yeah is this
is this a is this a a like a generally
premium priced Cuisine or more of like
an affordable everyday usually more
affordable okay um it and you know
generally speaking you're hole in the
wall versus your like you know chain or
you upscale generally here generally
more here generally more here okay so we
went to a Mexican hole in the wall yeah
and Delicious By the way Delicious By
the way um we
got two a tacos nice uh a taco platter
nice uh they did add a guacamole o
that's expensive but nice y um a gringo
P Lun whatever that is couple burritos a
Dorito another burrito and an enchiladas
plate so we fed um how how many were we
Dan we were seven I guess without you
something like that I feel like you just
got taxed for being a white dude Gringo
thing we got we got five
Mexican
gringa gringa I don't know what that
means look do I speak do I speak Spanish
okay um Gringo is is Google says Gringo
is a person especially an American who
is not Hispanic or Latino nice okay just
a second so five five Mexican Cokes okay
wow we fed seven people like hold in the
wall Mexican food how much do you think
the bill was seven people is this after
tax or before tax let's go uh let's go
after tax and tip after tax and tip yeah
oh I'm so CU remember tipping is like
out of control seven
people 160 bucks dude you're not even
close it's way
higher waa oh I was close to the sub
total you're close to the sub can see
can I see you were under the pre-tax
pre-tip total yeah this is more
expensive per plate than I expected yeah
for sure yeah yeah and like I was
expecting like after tax per plate it
was going to be like 20 bucks and it's
before tax per plate 20 bucks and that's
no tip yep and like you know it's one of
those things where
where on
principle yeah the way that it is right
now is not how I think things should
work people should be paid a reasonable
amount of money and then the price on
the menu should be what the food costs
and if there's exceptional service then
you can leave a small tip that's how
it's like supposed to work yeah that
should be like rare but here's the thing
that's not how it works not at all and
as someone who can afford the you know
minimum eight you know it'll be like 18%
2025 on the three options or whatever as
someone who can afford to tip like that
and as someone who knows that that
optimistic way that I wish it worked is
not reality and that people actually do
just depend on these tips for survival
um I do
tip I'll just I'll just I'll press the
stupid button or
whatever but like that that's wild yeah
oh it's yeah it's ridiculous I I I
massively
prefer so I'll even take it a little bit
further I wish tipping wasn't a thing at
all I wish it was just priced in and
yeah maybe if it's over and above you
just don't round or whatever and give
them the remaining
um but I also wish um like in in stores
and stuff Tax was included in the listed
price like do in Europe the fact there
are countries that have figured both of
these things out and we're over here
just like I don't know guess yeah like
what
no anyway I uh yeah I I I I hate it but
it's one of those things where you know
you could say okay well lonus having
Luke guess after tip is not reasonable
because that wasn't actually the price
but what I was trying to say was it
effectively is here because I know that
that kitchen staff and that server are
not they didn't receive any tips at all
they're going to be like homeless they
will not be able to live yeah so so it's
not really optional is it it's very
expensive to live in PC
and if you yeah I don't know earn your
her event asks what about on takeout
orders
um if it's a place that I go
regularly um I will tip well and if it's
a place that I don't go regularly then
I'll do like 10% because the reality of
it is that someone packed
it and I also don't know where the tip
is going it often gets shared around but
um what I do know is that even though
theoretically there's um you know lower
overhead for takeout orders in some ways
it can be a lot higher now especially
with all the expensive um like more
expensive like paper bags cost way more
than plastic bags and they're not
allowed to use plastic bags anymore and
stuff like that if you get a drink
they're going to try to like tape over
the thing and they're they're taping
closed the bags often or stapling it
closed or else so even the even the
restaurant owners themselves even if
they're just pocketing it there's a lot
of overhead involved in in handling
takeout orders uh so I'll just I I'll
I'll I'll leave a small tip anyway
because I I can't think of any chains
that I eat at um that I do take out from
so I yeah them I don't know if I would
bother but even then like a lot of them
are franchises and it's it's relatively
small business owners that are running
the restaurants even if it's you know a
multi-billion dollar multinational that
you know owns The Branding or whatever
else
yeah MDA 187 asks if plastic bags are
illegal in Canada how do you get your
milk okay couple things oh that's
hilarious actually number one pretty
good not those ones the like disposable
plastic bags for groceries and and
takeout and stuff like that why why
aren't the milk bags I ironically we can
still buy plastic garbage bags so I
can't use my shopping bag to line my
garbage can but I can buy a completely
separate bag to put in there brilliant
why is that allowed brilliant pointless
um and then also the whole milk bag
thing was as big a surprise to me as it
was to you yes uh it wasn't until I did
not a BC thing yeah it wasn't until I
did my um my my my Quebec exchange that
I first encountered begged milk
apparently it's a thing this in more of
Canada than I've ever known um and you
can find it in BC it's just very rare
but it is pretty much not a thing here
it's it's gallon jugs just like our
neighbors down south or paper cartons
the because BC's kind of tucked behind
the Rockies we're we're honestly like
much more Americanized than a lot of the
rest of Canada I think um or we're much
more West coasted yeah I would I would
say like hyper similar to Washington
Seattle area I would say that if if if I
if I had to if I had to say like what
our country would be it would probably
be like BC Yukon BC Washington Oregon
yeah would be like like wet wet Coast to
stand yeah yeah um and
then and then everyone else can kind of
do whatever it is that they're doing um
those further south and further east
there like quite related like I I I
remember like every time I run into
orgers or Washington I don't even know
what you guys call yourselves like oh
these are my people it's just it's just
obvious like the accent is the same even
though technically we're like we're
Canadian and they're American or
something like the accent's the same the
the the alignment on a lot of stuff is
the same it's it's just it's kind of
funny um apparently some parts of the
states also have bagged milk oh yeah
Oregonian is that is that it sorry I'm
probably saying this wrong but yeah
Pacific Northwest let's
go uh um researchers have lost a window
into China which is an interesting
perspective on this that I would not
have considered academics especially
researchers focused on China have
criticized Google's decision to quietly
remove cash pages from its search
results the feature allowed users to
view prior versions of web pages which
made it invaluable in tracking
information on the Chinese internet
which is of course heavily censored with
important information often being
retroactively scrubbed by the government
according to Danny Sullivan Google
search liaison the feature was
originally intended to help people
access Pages back when the internet was
far less reliable that were just down
and not working uh which is why it has
now been discontinued because it's no
longer really needed and our discussion
question here is should we preserve
features even when their intended
purpose is no longer relevant um for
Google's part I don't see why they would
have any interest in this new purpose
for that feature so I can understand why
they're discontinuing it like they're
essentially like a much much shorter
term version of the way back machine
right um and I can see why we don't want
them to do
that but I can also see how we have no
real way of arguing that they should
keep the feature because it doesn't
benefit their business model in any
meaningful
way yeah
it's unfortunate when we lose things
like that but like it's a business it's
not a government Luke I have something
to show you remember we talked about
I've seen this oh got him well that
sucks anyway this is really funny I was
going to try and convince Luke however
briefly that this was the old Will Smith
video and then the new one was Sora um
because he had asked about what if Will
Smith spaghet I did I did actually call
it right away
um for someone trying to rehabilitate
their Public Image uh this was a good
play
yes
yep anyway I I I enjoyed he slapped
Chris Rock right yeah I think they're
like doing a movie together or something
really I think so oh
man did we just get 4D
chest
maybe breast Through Time
40 chest doesn't
matter you're going to injure the poor
man
yeah oh
man oh boy any who
um uh so I don't know I'm not finding
anything on this so maybe I just made it
up or maybe it was a very old video from
before this
lap but yeah it's uh it's interesting
because you know what I was I was
talking about when we announced Sora
sorry uh when we not when we announced
Sora when we talked about Sora on the
show last week I talked about how it was
weird how certain parts of the frame
would feel like they were in rewind and
other parts were going forward and like
it didn't really have a good sense of
time and how things would actually like
progress forward um one of the editing
tricks that they used in the Will Smith
video uh cuz it's not AI generated but
there are editing tricks is they used
like rewind and forward mixing and like
that to make it look really weird um I
think if the AI video stuff fixes that
it'll be immediately significantly more
believable we've got a bit of an update
for you guys we've had some members of
our community getting notifications from
various monitoring Services informing
them that they've been affected by a
data leak from the LT Forum oh no uh
this appears to be a bunch of very old
leaked data which has been re-released
onto the internet due to a massive leak
from leak lookup.com
a data breach indexer which was
uncovered last month uh there does not
appear to be any new breach of the LTT
forum and if there was you would be
informed as soon as humanly possible
yeah so just hopefully that um helps put
your mind at ease speaking of your mind
being at e soon it's reasonably possible
yes well
humanly yeah we might take a sec though
to like verify impacts that's human okay
sounds good are vending machines spying
on students
yes can you
let me do my job nope the University of
waterl in Canada has announced that it
will be removing several &m branding
branded vending machines because the
green Eminem is too sexy and it's a
distraction for the
students sorry uh they'll be removing
them following the Revelation that the
machines have the ability to collect
facial recognition data this was
discovered when one waterl student
posted a picture of a strange error
message on one of the machines inv Venda
vending recognition. app.exe one student
publication math news Tracked Down the
manufacturer sales brochures which say
that these smart vending machines can
collect this is amazing estimated ages
and genders of every client and send
that data to various parties including
Mars the owners of M&M's inv Venda
claims that their machines are wholly
compliant with the eu's stringent
General data protection regulation
though that would only be possible if
the machine requested explicit
permission every time it stored a
users's data yeah I was going to say I
have a big doubt on that one adaria
vending Services who were responsible
for the machines on campus say that the
technology acts as a motion sensor that
detects faces and activates the
purchasing interface but does not
collect user data insane idea here but
just use a motion
sensor are you aing idiot crazy idea I
know I am a little out of it right now
Luke I you know I'm just I'm trying all
right I'm just I'm just going to bring
Dan in as our host co-host of the W hon
get the out of here I'll go produce
that's the stupidest idea I've ever
heard SLS
chill absolutely wild The Machine's
facial recognition technology uses an
extremely small unobtrusive camera and
many students reported being completely
unaware of any camera when using the
machines because why would you be
looking for that is there a picture of
these like can we see it uh let's have a
look let's bring up math news oh
wow this is great this reads exactly
like a university student paper I love
it
um anyway yeah this is actually amazing
what does that what does that block
quote say if we do some actual trans the
started work Compu
page it's it's exactly as irreverent as
I would expect it to be uh any who
here's the picture so let's play find
the
camera I don't
know uh I think I saw it where yeah I
see it I oh wait it's can't be that I
think so why would they embed it there
why wouldn't they just embed it in the
black fairly certain if I'm going to I'm
going to steal the screen capture thing
sure um so that's a zoomed in photo of
it which is why I was pretty sure that
was it because I think this blue here is
the blue of the Eminem that you saw this
looks just like a like a broken hole
like this doesn't look like it was it
looks like it was hacked into it yeah
weird yeah kind of
odd that's bizarre dude freaking
dystopia we should just start calling it
The dystopia show because it's all we
ever freaking talk
about welcome to the W show we talk
about
spooky um all right disco elisium 2 is
dead I'm sorry S no yeah let's buy a
really good IP and then worst news I've
heard all year close it down Embrace a
group awesome cool it's time for Wow
after dark it's going to be a short one
this week by the way guys uh nice Luke's
not feeling well I'm blaming Luke how's
the how's the underside of that bus
treating
you oh you know I mean you kind of feel
like you've been hit by it so I might as
well put you there yeah yeah cuz that's
how that works um John asks is the PTM
7950 thermal phase change pad safe for a
vertical Mount um this isn't going to
leak from between my Ai and my CPU over
time and also asks do you have a plush
version for my CPU pillow that I bought
last year keep up the decent
work thanks John I love that yes it is
is safe for a vertical Mount and we will
keep up the decent work in fact we have
some absolutely awesome videos coming I
I wish I could I wish I could just make
the WAN show better by just playing them
for you and watching them together
Kyle's AMD ultimate Tech upgrade I'm
excited about that I saw the ECC upload
and I'm excited oh you watched it I
haven't watched it I just saw it go up
on ECC and I was like it's like 30
minutes long and blew by I had no idea
the time had passed that's it's so good
uh the all China
PC really good uh Tanner did an
outstanding job because rather than just
buying weird Chinese stuff and reacting
to it he includes a whole bunch of
context who the f are these companies
yeah yeah like who are their parent
companies how long have they been around
how long do they say they've been around
versus how long have they actually been
around like it's it's pretty neat
and
in some ways a little scary yeah yeah
it's so that's that's a really good one
that I just reviewed man what else I
don't know there's a ton of really good
stuff coming over the next little bit
I'm very excited um Dan hit me hey lldd
picking up the ABCs of gaming for my
soon Tobe born son do you see Ai Ai and
AR headsets being useful tool to help
kids learn I think we go through this
every single time there's a new techn
iCal Innovation first they it was
computers in the classroom are these a
good tool for teaching kids like well
yes but also no then we went through it
with uh you know tablets yeah then we
went through it with cell phones then we
go through it with everything yes but
also
no is is the
answer
um everything in moderation right not
everything but yeah I mean don't don't
moderate in moderation yeah that's a
good one it's a good quote you need to
excessively
moderate yourself now now we're getting
dystopian again I don't know I think I
think the way to to fight off the
dystopia is to be constantly at War this
is this is my whole new thing I'm into
that I I think I've talked about this
before 40K that's how it happened
everybody was really moderate I don't
mean war is in like shooting people I
mean war is in like uh understanding
that so many things around you
are obsessively intentionally
manipulative float plane chats just
starting to list things that are not
okay in
moderation only F your neighbor's wife
in moderation no not anything in
moderation I mean hey maybe maybe maybe
there's an agreement there
yeah yeah don't abuse that relationship
seems very healthy oh man it's always
good to to be positive about that sort
of stuff okay yeah maybe maybe that's
all copasetic only cannibalism and
moderation uh yeah don't take more than
your fair
share oh man anyway uming chat's very
reasonable cool yeah what's next uh jeez
I don't know uh currently watching live
surrounded by a 40 foot video wall at
Time Square nice lonus what's your limit
on display sizes if TCL makes a 200 TV
will you get one I won't have a big
enough room for one the limit on display
sizes is dictated by your space I
think um the the smallest Samsung wall
last time around when I was like when I
was looking into it and I was like I
kind of want one I think it was 143 in
and the issue for me was that at 16 by9
that was kind of too big for my space at
a wider aspect ratio 143 in would
probably be fine because as it turns out
and we learned this when we set up the
the big display um as it turns out the
wider you go the
shockingly little difference there is
between the one uh part of that right
angle triangle or the the bottom of the
right angle triangle and the diagonal
yeah like the difference between our
diagonal and our bottom was only like
3et or something like that at that width
um
so I could probably handle like 140 150
in display if it was a wider aspect
ratio but if I had to go 16 by 9 120 to
130 is probably about as big as I can go
in that theater room which seats
comfortably
about seven to nine people um so if you
were to have if you had a larger room
like I sat in this amazing theater room
virtually in the uh in the big screen
Beyond app that was like it was like set
up like you were a mega baller and you
had like a theater room to hold your
like orgies in or something like it was
enormous and had all this like soft
tiered seating everywhere and everything
it's very relatable yeah exactly uh
anyway sitting in there I was like I
would need
A50 to 200 in display at the front of
this for it to for it to be big enough
that everyone could enjoy it had an open
relationship um that
too it's very Progressive
that's all Luke spend is this show over
yet Luke doesn't spend money on anything
but that that's why that's why you can't
buy
anything oh boy anyway yeah I I I think
that for for most reasonable sized rooms
we're there and talking to display
manufacturers they seem to be kind of
acknowledging that like high sense seems
to really Envision itself as competing
more in the premium space rather than
competing in the big but cheap space
because that's not going to be a space
that really exists anymore in a little
while everyone's just going to have a
big Affordable TV yeah so you better get
real good real fast now the good news is
man
though that 100 that 100 in or 110 yeah
the 110 in that they had at CES looked
amazing uh let's see what we else we got
hi lldd I work at a laser Tag Facility
and a few of us were given the
opportunity to remodel our boss's office
what would you put in taran's office and
is there an item that you would
recommend I get I mean if I was
remodeling your boss's office I would
definitely get some kind of like shark
and suspend it from the ceiling with a
freaking laser beam on its head but
maybe that's just me that that's
actually perfect I love that idea just
like like Aquarium style you know with
just the like the fishing line and
you've just got this shark and it just
has a freaking laser beam on its head
that's what I want that's what I would
want in that office everything else I
don't even care but but like aquatic
themed paint walls you know get some
sponge on there gets a little bit of
green in there get some seaweed decals
and then get like a freaking laser beam
shark and then everything's everything's
oh my God everything else is gravy could
do a mural on the wall with that then it
would be harder to remove as for what we
would put in Tan's office we actually
have a video coming on that we took some
suggestions from uh the community and we
will be building him a PC worthy of a
CEO oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy oh boy
uh hey LT love the show it's the first
time catching it live and I thought I'd
support oh my God you spent
$400 you bought one of everything you
don't have to do that you could you
could watch it again in a bit and he
bought two of one thing two bananas
bananus ban uh with the oh the Gerald
undun cab t-shirt it's a really cool
shirt actually uh notebook um the tablet
one that one's a cool one you open it up
and the pages have like it's like
writing on a little tablet it's little
thing uh a banana for scale in yellow a
mystery 40 oz water bottle a backpack
and a screwdriver retro with a silver
shaft very nice okay anyway uh thanks
Eric um what do you got lonus are you
tempted to daily Drive the s24 ultra and
Luke have you played any sod I have not
much but it's it's been pretty good what
is it what is season of Discovery I was
going to say soldier of Destiny we were
way off uh it's not bad though yeah
thanks very believable yeah I mean it's
I it's basically just Soldier of Fortune
but with a d oh yeah Destiny I don't
know it doesn't matter the point is um
yeah I'm pretty tempted by the s24 ultra
I I'm I've been not missing the fold as
much as I thought I would uh speaking of
witch down I finally wiped everything
off of it and it's in my office you can
just oh no I haven't well I copied
everything off it I haven't WIP wiped it
but if you just remind me I know you
said you wanted to try it so um sure
it's yours you fixed it um oh that was
my deal I told him he couldn't do it and
then Dan was like you can't tell me what
to do and I was like that sounds like a
Dan thing fine if you can fix it you can
have it I was I was actually like I just
want to make sure that you can have your
phone that you love back lineus I don't
mind that's very kind of you though no
it was it was a lot more obsessive
compulsive than that oh I had to I was
going to do it whether you wanted to
happen or not I I know everyone while
he'll he'll like we I I have this chat
called the the Dan tasking chat that AJ
and I are in yeah because he gets asked
to do like everything on the planet so
we try to you know make sure that we're
still aiming true um but every once in a
while there'll there'll be some like
electronic repair thing that'll come
through and I'll be like
H does this make a ton of
sense almost always it's
no will it make Dan super happy that
doesn't matter for productivity of the
business I'm about to make Dan super
super happy has anyone talked about the
video that you and I are going to work
together on no oh God no no Luke have
you approved to this I don't he doesn't
have
to get unlimited without going through
the proper channels it is my rule you're
out of fre I'm scared now so um did you
ever see that CRT projector that ploof
got for that video on a CRT projector I
don't think I did but I recommended
Chase get some for smash I grew up with
a CRT projector with the three tubes and
we ended up selling it to some Super
Smash Brothers players because you get
the CRT latency but 12T across all right
so let's talk about CRT projectors for a
minute actually no let's not talk about
CRT projectors let's talk about the
right to repair okay we got actually a
second one of those CRT projectors um it
had been stored outside and uh is in
pretty challenging uh operational
condition it still works a little bit
but what's cool is unlike the first one
we bought which was more expensive and
definitely worked the second one we got
came with a service manual oh and that
service manual is about 2 in thick and
has
literally everything beautiful every
schematic for absolutely everything and
I was kind of thinking you know what
would be a really cool video is if
we told the story of how we lost right
to repair because right to repair isn't
something we're asking for it's
something that we deserve to have back
we had it that was normal that was a
thing expected yes and
so and so I thought as uh as a vehicle
for that story we could use this this
old Sony CR RT projector that quite
frankly Dan I don't think is worth
fixing even for tournaments at the land
because it's too dim we have to get a
better one you have to get like a dark
room yeah but but kind of sick though
but we should fix it because we can and
we should be able to is sort of the
point that we're getting at yeah and I I
thought it'd be kind of cool to get some
other prominent right to repair
Advocates and and sort of um and and so
yeah so get so so Dan your job would be
to fix the projector with this
incredible service manual and it it
don't worry it's not dead as a door nail
it's a bit dead I would love to talk
through my troubleshooting intuition as
well which kind of is what allows me to
fix the things and there's also a bloke
that we are in touch with who did a
video fixing one of these a little while
ago and um it I think it might be kind
of a cool opportunity for a collab there
so there's a lot of synergies you know
to use a crappy horrible yeah business
term but I thought I thought you'd be
pretty into it yeah that do sound fun
yeah so uh super fun so consider that
something that we're we're going to do
sometime sometime eventually we're not
in a hurry because it's not like the
thing's going to get any older uh or
dead but yeah when we when I saw that
service manual man there's there there's
like schematics for everything
absolutely everything like you could
basically take the entire thing apart
down to board level components and
rebuild it because the cost was because
all that stuff was expensive not because
you it's proprietary and you can't
build one yourself because we won't show
you how you can't put it back together
yourself because we won't show you how
because you like just a totally
totally different industry philosophy
that's kind of what I grew up with as
well that's what my dad did is he
repaired CRT TVs um and VCRs and things
like that and he would do those board
level repairs um he still does that now
for like you know Word of Mouth type
repair stuff but in the early days they
were simpler and you could ask the
company for schematics um there's even
some high-end audio gear because he does
Studio audio Gear Repair because a lot
of it's still vintage analog extremely
Boutique Niche stuff and some companies
you'll you'll message and be like hey
your thing's broken I'm a service tech
here got any info for me and they'll
send you all the service manuals and
spare parts and schematics and then I
know one company it's universal audio
just won't won't even talk to you oh we
got to send it back it's it's like a
$115,000 piece of vintage audio
equipment and they're just give it back
like I'm not going to I'm not going to
send it to you the air shipping is too
dangerous that's not reasonable it also
weighs 100 pounds so anyway yes um I am
tempted by the s24 ultra and also all
that other stuff we just talked
about uh I guess this is the last one
nope I'm on the wrong page uh really
happy to see you guys are selling PTM
7950 so much easier to get this way my
question is did you have plans to buy
and sell this since the video on it or
is this a much more recent idea you'd be
amazed how long things take to like do
properly like we had to figure figuring
out how to get them
cut who is going to cut it honey well no
because if they did we're not really
buying them in bulk anymore are
we um so I think the the the the how do
they how do they come I think the fulls
size sheets are like four of these okay
and then they're flat packed those would
have been like whatever it's like $200
or something and so no no oh it's like
very OEM it's just like bulk so we had
to figure out okay well how do we do
this oh no I was just wondering is it a
roll or is it a stack it's it's a stack
of flat pack things uh so we had to
figure out like how how to cut cut them
we had to create installation guides we
had to create packaging and we had to we
had to Source it sourcing it took a long
time because Honeywell just straight up
didn't return our emails like sorry who
the are you like they don't care um
so it was it was after the community uh
brought up the idea that because this
stuff was kind of hard to get your hands
on as an end user at a reasonable price
that we should Source it and we should
sell it so we did that took a long time
but hey it's there now
exciting
hey LL and D seeing as you design and
produce so many products what if any
inter product consideration and testing
do you do how things look fit work
together Etc a lot I mean the pants I'm
wearing right
now um oh look at that I have a
screwdriver in it have a pocket that is
specifically designed to hold a tool and
that we obviously validated with our
screwdriver this is an early prototype
that the screwdriver actually doesn't
fit very well into but that's why we do
these things
we made that with our screwdriver it
doesn't you when you sit down it's like
at a so we had to make sure that the
pocket was at a reasonable height so
that it wouldn't just like jab you in
the in the gut uh regardless of how you
put it in so it won't stab you if it's
blade side up with a bit installed
either um it called blade side I think
so is it not I think so I don't know uh
uh now I need to look it
up bit
side shaft
side the business end side yeah at least
someone calls it a
blade yeah sure yeah I don't know I just
never heard that so I wasn't
sure what is a blade
screwdriver oh for crying out loud still
used to drive a slotted screw head is
called a standard common blade flat
blade slot head straight oh that's just
for slote heads though I don't know this
isn't a
slot it's Phillips screwdriver blade
yeah all right I don't know there might
be other there might be other words for
it but no I didn't know any other word I
was just surprised it was called blade
when it's not a
yeah anyways and last one I've got hi
W.D what's the status of the expensive
fidget toy made from screwdriver ratchet
and precision screwdriver ball bearings
I'd like to give you my money for that
please ah PR
there's only so many projects we can
work on at a time and it hasn't been a
priority I'm
sorry you'll have to spend your $25 gift
card on something
else
awkward anywh who I think that's it for
the show today thank you guys very much
for tuning in uh sorry it's a little
shorter than usual I blame Luke I'll
take that yep yep we'll see you again
next week same bad time same bad Channel
bye actually wait wait hold on hold on
you got to let those go no I blame
myself what for being too considerate
of okay you can roll the outro
now oh
man
amazing I'm not that considerate I mean
we're still playing Super checks so you
know oh
God one and done winner takes off
unless you want best of